https://www.banggood.com/DIY-Graffiti-Three-Dimensional-Shape-3D-Printer-Pen-With-PLA-Filament-For-Childrens-Education-p-1162297.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=514850&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
DIY Graffiti Three-Dimensional Shape 3D Printer Pen With PLA Filament  For Children's Education







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Notes:

Type A: Pink, UK adaptor
Type B: Pink, EU adaptor
Type C: Pink, US adaptor
Type D: Purple, UK adaptor
Type E: Purple, EU adaptor
Type F: Purple, US adaptor
Type G: Blue, UK adaptor
Type H: Blue, EU adaptor
Type I: Blue, US adaptor
Type J: Yellow, EU adaptor
Type K: Yellow, UK adaptor
Type L: Yellow, US adaptor

Specifications:

Discharging mode: hot melt extrusion molding
Molding: Three-dimensional molding
Print range: Unlimited
Spinning speed: Adjustable
Temperature: 60 ℃ - 230 ℃ adjustable Working voltage: 12V 3A equipment The nozzle diameter: 0.4mm

Operating instructions:

1. The power adapter AC power line into the mains socket, the other end of the DC plug into the drawing pen is only "power input hole". The Yellow LED lights, shows that the equipment has power to enter the standby servo state.
2. The LCD screen display words "" or "" , choose "material selection, material selection." from the LCD screen. The selection must be same as the material attribute consistent, in order to avoid failure
3. Click "wire" button, the red LED lights, shows that the equipment has entered the warm-up state. About 0.5-2 minutes later. When the red LED lights from red to blue. Show end of preheating, equipment can work normally.
4. The consumable insert the pen end only "supplies introduction hole", brought received long press "wire" button, random supplies of conveying equipment from the built-in motor. When the nozzle end with the compound NIB out shall be reproduced successfully. * *
5.The 4 creation. (this equipment with stepless speed regulating function, in the creation process, according to the pen speed to adjust the amount of glue. Without both hands.)
6. Homogeneous materials have different melting points because of the different colors. please according to the silking to timely tune temperature. (the material melting point judgement and temperature adjustment Please refer to " temperature tuning")

Package included: 

1 x 3D pen
1 x Power adapter
3 x Filament
1 x Manual















,,,,,


