https://www.banggood.com/3Pcs-MP3-Lossless-Decoder-Board-With-Power-Amplifier-Module-TF-Card-Decoding-Player-p-1216609.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
3Pcs MP3 Lossless Decoder Board With Power Amplifier Module TF Card Decoding Player







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Feature:

	 

Onboard 2W mono amplifier (5V power supply up to 3W) can directly connected speakers (recommended with 4Ω3W speakers), 3.5mm gold-plated headphone jack can be accessed by headphones or external audio.

With MicroUSB power supply interface, using mobile bank power or USB charger power supply, can also be used 3.7V lithium battery, USB 5V power supply.

Support TF card (mobile phone memory card), U disk playback mode.

With a speaker terminal without soldering, easy wiring.

	 

1) Support MP3 format, power automatically play, led status turn to red.

2) Support U disk (tested with 32G), TF card (tested with 16G) playing mode, power default TF card mode, if the TF card does not exist automatically jump to U disk mode, and both devices are installed, you can manually set the playback mode, please refer to the key operation instructions.

	 

Key operation instructions:

	 

"Prev / V--" key: "short press" to switch "Previous" song, "long press" to switch "volume down"

"Next / v ++" key: "short press" to switch "next song", "long press" to switch "volume increase"

"P / P / Mode" key: "short press" to "play / pause" switch, "long press" for the U disk, TF card "mode" select

"Repeat" key: "short press" for the "single / full song" cycle switch (no long press function)

	 

Note:

	 

1. Long press time about 2S

2. If you use U disk mode, the recommended 5V power supply, some U disk does not support 3.7V power supply.

	 

Specifications:

	 

Power supply range: 3.7 - 5.5V

Product size: 45mm * 36mm

	 

Package includes:

	 

3 x MP3 Lossless Decoder Board

















