https://www.banggood.com/Wireless-Camera-Video-Doorbell-Home-Security-WiFi-Smartphone-Remote-Video-Rainproof-p-1319708.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
Wireless Camera Video Doorbell Home Security WiFi Smartphone Remote Video Rainproof







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















>>>Manual: Click here to open<<<Description:

	 

This wifi doorbell can connect home WiFi and achieve a two way intercom between the doorbell and cell phone. When a visitor presses the doorbell sound is activated and the camera will start sending real time images and call to the cell phone.The user will receive the call and can check who the visitor is, can intercom with the visitor and remotely unlock the door.

	 

Features:
	 

Support WiFi.

Movement detect, Intrusion alarm zone.

Support APP Function,Can be applied for Android, iOS, ipad APP Software.

Support real time video and audio chat with visitor.

Support picture snapping and video recording function.

Support Night vision and built-in IRCUT technology,available day and night.

Rainproof: Doorbell can be installed outdoors, do not worry about being drenched by rain.

	 

Specification:
	 

Resolution: 1280 x 720

Feild of Angle View: 166°

IR LED: 6 x 850mm

WiFi: IEEE 802 11 b/g/n

Audio: Two-way talk with noise cancellation

Recording: Device Cloud disk recording(20 seconds)

Battery: AC Input/3 x 18650 specification batteries(NOT Included)

Monitoring: Device Button, Motion Detect, Remote Live View

Notifications: Push Notifications within 1 second

Device Wakeup: Within 600 ms

Power Consumption: Power Consumption Standby 200uA, Working 170mA


Package Included:
		 

1 x WIFI Doorbell

1 x Indoor Bell

4 x Screws

4 x Installing Accessories

1 x Wrench

1 x Sticker

1 x User Manual


Detail Pictures:







