https://www.banggood.com/Creality-3D-Ender-3-Pro-DIY-3D-Printer-Kit-220x220x250mm-Printing-Size-With-Magnetic-Removable-Platform-Sticker-p-1346320.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
Creality 3D® Ender-3 Pro DIY 3D Printer Kit 220x220x250mm Printing Size With Magnetic Removable Platform Sticker







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















▶ Warm Tips: The package will not contain U disk/SD card, click to download machine information.
	 ▶ There are some file that can help:0. Assembly Video
1. User Manual for reference.
2. Do you want the unboxing evaluation video? Please click to watch!3. Ender-3 BLtouch installation and debugging tutorial - Video.4.  Manual auto-leveling tutorial5. X axle sleeve sloshing debugging tutorial6. Nozzle slider debugging tutorial7. What should I do if the printing fails and the throat is blocked?8. X/Y/Z/E-axis drive voltage adjustment and motherboard replacement tutorial9.  Ender-3 pro brush firmware tutorial10. Creality Slicer 1.2.3 Operation Tutorial 11. SD Card File▶ Overview: ● [Version] Ender-3 Pro is upgraded version of Ender-3. ●  What are the main differences between the Creality Ender 3 Pro and Creality Ender 3 ? ✯ Improving mechanical properties.Reduce friction and provide better dimensional stability. ✯ Improved extruder,reduce the risk of clogging and uneven extrusion. ✯ New magnetic printing surface,removable and flexible, which allows you to pluck prints off the build plate easily.  ▶ Features:● MK8 extruder● 32Bit/8Bit Non-Silent Motherboard will send randomly.● REMOVABLE
 BUILD SURFACE PLATE: Provide all-round protection to your 3D printer 
build plate and ensure consistent temperature throughout the build 
surface. Easy to remove the printing models after cooling.● Resume Print - Our upgraded control board offers state of the art, "Resume Print" technology. Should your printer suffer unexpected power outages, it will resume from the last recorded extruder position. ● MeanWell Power SupplySAFE POWER SUPPLY: Ender 3 Pro comes with a UL Certified power supply, protecting your printer from unexpected power surges, that can heat the hot bed to 110℃ in just 5 minutes.SEMI-ASSEMBLED KIT: This easy-to-setup kit comes partially assembled, allowing you to learn about the basic construction of 3D printers as you finish putting it together. A fun STEM educational experience in mechanical engineering and electronics.● Enhanced Bed Leveling: All new, ergonomically designed, larger bed leveling nuts, makes leveling the bed much easier and more precise.▶  Note: It is defaulted send EU standard plug. The printer can work for all over world. If you want,  just use with an adaptor.




