https://www.banggood.com/M8000-1MHz-12GH-Radio-Signal-SensorFBI-GSM-RF-Auto-Signal-Camera-Sensor-GPS-Tracker-Finder-with-Magnetic-LED-Antenna-p-1571381.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
M8000 1MHz-12GH Radio Signal SensorFBI GSM RF Auto Signal Camera Sensor GPS Tracker Finder with Magnetic LED Antenna







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Description :


1.Auto Search: if you want to check room or car safe or not, you can put it in one room or car, then open the auto search, it will search automatically, once received one time of signal, the light bars will light one, if received 6 times, the light bars will light at 6 lights, then it will sound alarm to remind you that there is a suspicious signal.
		2.Signal Sensor: Once there is a suspicious signal in your car, you can use the Sensor to find it out with magnetic light.


Features : 



Professional radio wave detection device, high sensitivity, large frequency detection with  Precision.

With Searchlight magnetic sensor antenna, easy to use, easy to search the cars, office, room anywhere, even people is hard to touch or see it.the Sensor is reliable and accurate via sound and light alarm. 

Detecting all of bugs and locators with Mobile, unicom, telecom Card.(2G, 3G, 4G) 

Detecting GPS Locator packet in high speed uploading.

Detecting 1.2G/2.4G wireless camera.

Detecting hidden 5.8GHZwireless camera and Wireless eavesdropping.

Detecting locator and gps tracking in sleeping state.

Wireless detection automatic search loggic analysis memory function.
		 


Specification : 



Frenquency: 1MHz-12GHz

Detection Dynamic: >73Db

Detection Sensitivity: ≤0.03mw (Main Frequency)

Detection: 

2.4GHz Wireless Camera: 25 square meter(standard 10mW camera)

1.2GHz Wireless Camera: 36 square meter( (standard 10mW camera)
		Cellphone Signal 2G, 3G, 4G: 5--25  square meter

Magnetic Detection Sensitivity: 50mm--150mm

Indicating Method: 10 Level LED Luminous indicator /Variation sound indication

Power: Bulit-in 3.7V1500mAHlithium polymer battery
		Working Current: 25-35mA 
		Last Time: 20-45H

Material: Aluminium Alloy
		N.W: 175g

Volume: 125x52.5x21.5mm


Application

1.Whether Car or office is installed Wireless bug or location track

2.Whether your cellphone was Eavesdroped or abnormal (send the signal without no reason when in stand-by mode)

3.Whether there is the Radiation from the roof base station on your Working environment, and residential buildings

4.Whether Drone cameras are focus on you from the window 

5.Detecting Wireless network signal, cell phone base station signal, wireless surveillance system

6.Whether there is hazardous electromagnetic radiation was caused by revealing of microwave oven 

7.Whether there is suspicious wireless signal

8.Detecting restrooms, hotels, entertainment venues, changing rooms and goverments

9.Business negotiation, school invigilators, factories, military facilities

10.radio wave between mahjong table and action in coincidence  

11.Mortgage car, the second car, pawnbroker, bonding company, small loans company, Information finance corporation
			 



Package includeds : 



1 x M8000 Signal Sensor

1 x US/EU Charger

2 x Antenna

1 x Retail Package
		1 x User Manual




































