https://www.banggood.com/A9-1080P-HD-Mini-Wireless-WIFI-IP-Camera-DVR-Night-Vision-Home-Security-p-1627751.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
A9 1080P HD Mini Wireless WIFI IP Camera  DVR Night Vision Home Security







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Feature:

1080P Full HD Cam:
With 1080P HD resolution 25 frames per second. 150Â° wide-angle professional-grade lens, The live video can be viewed via iOS/Android Smartphone. Perfect for house, office or family as a housekeeper or nanny cam.
IR night vision:
With 6 infrared LEDs, presents clear image and real-time video even in low light conditions(led light does not light up in use), night visual range up to 16 feet.
Rechargeable & Portable:
With its small size and built-in battery. The camera can be with you wherever you go and will keep recording while charging. the magnetic bracket is attached to any metal surface, or the camera can be mounted anywhere using the included magnetic tabs and adhesive pads.
sport detect:
This WiFi camera will immediately send a reminder notification to your mobile phone when the IP camera detects sport. You can also record at a certain time or sport activated record. Real-time guard for your home security.
Hot Spot Design:
Equipped with hot spot and can be connected in a short distance without network,10M indoors and 30-50m outdoors.
Easy to Connect:
Just follow the manuals to connect the camera to wifi, then you can view real-time video remotely. You can also connect camera hotspot to achieve record outside.

Specifications:

Video format: AVI
Number of frames: 25
Angle of view: 150 degrees
sport detect camera distance: 6 meters straight
IPmum illumination: 1 lux
Continuous recording time: about 1 hour
Power consumption: 240ma / 3.7 v
Memory card type: TF card (not included)
Playback software: VLC Player / SM Player
Computer operating system: Windows/Macc OS X
Mobile operating system: Android/iOS
Web browser: IE7 and above, chrome, firefox safari, etc.

Features:

1. For home/office security, and shoot beautiful scenery on the road Wide angle 150° angle
2. Support night vision, built-in 6pcs infrared
3. HD 1080p real-time viewing and recording, wireless WiFi IP IP camera
4. Ultra-small and in,visible, easy to hide under the table, under the wall, under the roof, there are powerful magnets everywhere.
5. USB rechargeable, built-in rechargeable large capacity battery, about 1-3 hours of charging
6. Support multi-platform (Android, iOS, Windows, Macc OS) and multi-user (mobile and computer).

Easy to use:

Ways to connect your phone to Wifi:
a. Wireless wifi connection phone (via router) remote control, no matter where you go
b. The built-in Wifi hotspot of the camera directly connects the mobile phone to the built-in Wifi hotspot of the camera. Even if the mobile phone has no network, it can be remotely controlled (within 10 meters).
Recording modes:
a. 24-hour recording: always recording (default)
b. sport detect: record when sport is detected
c. Timer: set a specified time period to record

Package includes:

1 x IP Wifi Camera
2 x Cables
1 x Bracket
1 x Gasket
1 x English User Manual

Details Pictures:





