https://www.banggood.com/Tuya-PIR-Motion-Sensor-WiFi-for-Smart-Life-Infrared-Passive-Detection-Security-Alarm-System-Remote-Work-with-Alexa-p-1804515.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
Tuya PIR Motion Sensor WiFi for Smart Life Infrared Passive Detection Security Alarm System Remote Work with Alexa







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Features:1.Smart triggerThe PIR sensor can be used as a smart home sensor, and with the help of APP and server, it can transmit startup conditions to the back-end device.For example, after the sensor detects an alarm, it can automatically turn on the sound alarm or turn on the light.2. Infrared induction. PIR sensor will not emit any light or radio when it is ready to detect. It will not be detected in advance. People or animals passing by have body temperature. PIR can detect the infrared radiation from their body temperature, and then push the alarm information to app.3. Low power reminder. When PIR sensor detects that the battery is low, it will actively push the low battery message to the app. You will not forget to replace the battery and make your home security vulnerability.4. Wide Angle. The PIR sensor provides 128 ° side wire, 128 ° down view, and provides an effective detection distance of 10 meters. The mounting bracket can adjust the detection angle of the sensor, and can adapt to more use scenarios.5. Easy to install. PIR Sensor provides two installation methods. Mount with adbesive tape or screws.If you use adbesive installation, you don’t need any tools. If you use screws, you only need a screwdriver.6. No hub requested PIR Sensor uses WiFi 2.4G frequency band for communication, no Hub is needed. The Sensor uses WiFi 2.4G to ensure the transmission distance between it and the WiFi router, and provides a guarantee for its low energy consumption.NOTE:1. The sensor is not waterproof, please note that the installation position.2. When using, your home or company's Wi-Fi must be connected to the Internet How to download APPThe device supports two kinds of apps, but you can only choose one of them. Their systems are isolated from each other.Please Open your app, search for "smartlife" or "Tuya smart" and install it.How to Add Device to APPAfter you install the app and register your account. It takes only six simple steps to connect to the system.1. Click "+" in the main interface.2. Select "auto scan" function.3. Select the WiFi you want your device to connect to (and your smartphone should also connect to this WiFi), and enter the WiFi password.4. Start the device and wait for 1 minute(Enter the configuration mode the first time the battery is installed).5. When the app discovers the device, the device will be displayed on the discovery page.6. Please give the device a proper name, which is very easy to manage.Package included:1 x PIR Sensor1 x MicroUSB Charging Cable (NO ADAPTER) 1 x Adhesive Pad1 x Screw installation kit1 x User ManualDetails Pictures:




