https://www.banggood.com/Real-SpO2-Monitor-KOSPET-MAGIC-3-1_71-inch-3D-Curved-Full-Touch-Screen-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-Monitor-50+-Watch-Face-20-Sports-Mode-IP68-Waterproof-Smart-Watch-p-1832330.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
[Real SpO2 Monitor] KOSPET MAGIC 3 1.71 inch 3D Curved Full Touch Screen Heart Rate Blood Pressure Monitor 50+ Watch Face 20 Sports Mode IP68 Waterproof Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















﻿What is a Real SpO2 Monitor?MAGIC 3 can accurately calculate the current blood oxygen level through the blood oxygen detection sensor and software algorithm on the back of the watch. When you work continuously for a long time or do strenuous exercise, you can test the current blood oxygen level in real-time to prevent the low blood oxygen level from causing discomfort to your body.Specification Brand KOSPET Model MAGIC 3 bluetooth Version BT 5.0 CPU nRF52840 Compatible System Android system 5.1 version or above; iOS system 10.0 version or above Operating Mode Full Touch Screen RAM 64KB ROM 128M APP Name Da Fit APP Language English, Arabic, Danish, German, Spanish, Finnish, French, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Dutch, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Swedish, Thai, Ukrainian, Chinese, Traditional Chinese, etc. Watch UI Language English (default), French, German, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Afghan, Ukrainian, Simplified Chinese, Traditional ChineseSpecial Features Waterproof IP68 Multi-sport Mode Support, Build-in 20 sports Heart Rate Monitor Support Blood Oxygen Monitor Support  Sleep Monitor Support Camera Control Support Music Control Support Message reminder Support Stopwatch Support Pedometer Support Weather Display Support Multi-Watch Faces Support, 50+ Watch Faces Customized Dial SupportTechnical Parameters Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor, Blood Oxygen Sensor Screen Size: 1.71 inch Type: TFT Pixel: 280*320 Band Material Silicone Battery Battery Capacity: 220mAh Standby Time: About 35 days Using time: About 7-10 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Method: MagneticAppearance & Details Size & Weight Size: φ43mm*37.6mm*11.5mm Strap Length: About 255mm Strap width: 22mm Weight: About 53g Package Included 1* KOSPET MAGIC 3 Smart Bracelet  1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual Tips: 1. Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.3. If your watch still can’t be charged successfully, please contact our customer services right away. Please click the customer service.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging interface.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.




