https://www.banggood.com/MECO-ELE-Video-Doorbell-Wireless-1080P-Wireless-Doorbell-Camera-with-Free-Chime-WiFi-Smart-Doorbell-Night-Vision-IP65-Waterproof-166Wide-Angle-2-Way-Audio-Doorbell-p-1854284.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
MECO ELE Video Doorbell Wireless 1080P Wireless Doorbell Camera with Free Chime WiFi Smart Doorbell Night Vision IP65 Waterproof 166°Wide Angle 2 Way Audio Doorbell







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















﻿﻿Features:1. 32GB SD card included: it is already installed in the video doorbell. You can check it in the slot right above the batteries.2. Multiple-Account Viewing Sharing: Unlimited user for MECO Security Video Doorbell to share and view on the APP. (No more than 5 people to view simultaneously)3. Up to 30 Seconds Voice Message Function: you can select pre-recorded voice messages to quickly respond to your visitor when you are occupied.4. The Wireless Video Doorbell supports 2.4GHz network, can not supports the 5GHz network.5. When setting up the connection, keep the doorbell in the rangee of the router.6. You can receive the notifications only when the app is working in the background or shut down or when someone pushes the button of the smart doorbell camera.7. Only the PIR triggered videos would be automatically stored either in Cloud or in the SsD card, you can choose where to store in APP. The real-time video will not be recorded unless you manually take it in APP, which would be stored in your phone album.Specification:Brand: MECOItem Weight: 1.14 poundsProduct Dimensions: 4.9*2.2*1.2 inchesItem Dimensions(L*W*H): 4.9*2.2*1.2 inchesColor: GreyPower Source: Battery poweredBatteries: 2 Lithium ion batteries required. (included)Manufacturer: MECOASIN: B07W8SGKBBPackage Includeds:1 x Video DoorbellDetail Pictures:




