https://www.banggood.com/Music-Playback-Bakeey-Z18-Dynamic-1_39-inch-AMOLED-Full-Touch-Screen-bluetooth-Calling-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-Oxygen-Monitor-Multi-Sport-Modes-Music-Playback-IP67-Waterproof-Business-Smart-Watch-p-1857134.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=510655&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
[Music Playback] Bakeey Z18 Dynamic 1.39 inch AMOLED Full Touch Screen bluetooth Calling Heart Rate Blood Pressure Oxygen Monitor Multi-Sport Modes Music Playback IP67 Waterproof Business Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Main Features:1. Dynamic 1.39 inch AMOLED High-Definition Screen2. Built-In Blood Pressure & Oxygen Measurement3. bluetooth Calling, One Touch Dails 4. Large 4G Storage, Independent Music Playback5. Female Physical Health Reminder6. Multi-Sport Mode, Sports Data AnalysisSpecification Brand Bakeey Model Z18 bluetooth Version BT 4.2/ 2.1 Compatible System Android system 5.0 version or above; iOS system 9.0 version or above Operating Mode Full Touch Screen Flash 4MB+4MB Plug-in 4GB APP Name Fitwinner APP Language Simplified Chinese, English, Russian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Thai, Arabic, etc.Special Features Waterproof IP67 Waterproof Multi-Sport Mode Support Walking, Running, Riding, Skipping, Playing Basketball, Playing Table Tennis, Climbing Heart Rate Monitor Support Blood Pressure Monitor Support  Blood Oxygen Monitor Support  Breathing and Relaxation Support  Physical Health Status Support  bluetooth Call Support TWS Earphone One-Touch Dialing Support  Music Playback Support  Sedentary Reminder Support  Drinking-Water Reminder Support  Sleep Monitor Support  Real-Time Weather Support  Alarm Clock Reminder Support  Incoming Call Reminder Support  OTA Support  Turn the Wrist to Bright Screen Support Technical Parameters Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.39 inch Type: AMOLED Pixel: 454*454 Band Material TPU + Geniune Leather (NO.004-N0.006)/ Silicone (NO.001-N0.003) Battery Battery Capacity: 300mAh Standby Time: About 15 days Using time: About 5-7 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Method: MagneticAppearance & Details Size Watch Diameter: About 46mm Case Thickness: About 12mm Watch Band Width: About 22mm Watch Band Length: About 124mm Package Included 1* Bakeey Z18 Smart Bracelet  1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual Tips: 1. Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1.The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2.If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3.Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1.Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2.Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.3.If your watch still can’t be charge successfully, please contact our customer services right away. Please click the customer service.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1.Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charger.2.If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.




