https://www.banggood.com/DALY-Smart-BMS-Accessory-bluetooth-Module-USB-to-UART-or-RS485-Cable-CANbus-Module-Power-Display-Panel-Touch-LCD-Screen-p-1872195.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6310521&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
DALY Smart BMS Accessory bluetooth Module USB to UART/RS485 Cable CANbus Module Power Display Panel Touch LCD Screen







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:Smart BMS Accessory include: NTC temperature control(Conventional configuration), bluetooth module, USB to UART cable, USB to RS485 tool cable, CANbus module,UART/RS485 Touch LCD display screen.1. UART/RS485 Touch LCD display screen: Can customize related icon or LOGO, support 485/UART communication, only some parameters can be modified.2. bluetooth module: Download the correct bluetooth APP (SMART BMS) on your phone,insert bluetooth module into match port of BMS (if insert wrong,it will be damaged).open the APP,seach the relative bluetooth's seral number,then you can get data.3. Power display panel(SOC indicatior) : With the function of activation BMS by press button； There are five lights on the board, 4 yellow lights, one red light, each yellow light represents 25% electricity. The red light represents the status light of the power display panel, which is always on.SOC indicatior is compatible with Only 4 strings or more (not including 4 strings) SMART BMS.4. USB to UART cable: There are two types 3P and 6P. 3P UART cable for BMS below 4 strings (including 4 strings) or below 60A (including 60A), and 6P UART cable for others.5. USB to RS485 tool cable: Pay attention to the communication interface do not random,wrong connection,so as not to burn out the protection board.6. CANbus module: The data transmission tool between the PC and the BMS must ensure the drive is installed normally and the line order is correct in order to communicate normally grive provided by our company.7. NTC cable : As the temperature rises, the resistance decreases exponentially.485 baud rate communication with upper computer: 9600/kbs or 115200/kbsCAN baud rate communication with upper computer: 250/kbs or 500/kbsAttention:1. BMS touch control screen and Bluetooth module can not be used at the same time, choose one of the two, the same interface.2. Please pay attention to choose the type of USB to UART cable that suits your BMS：There are two types 3P and 6P. 3P UART cable for BMS below 4 strings (including 4 strings) or below 60A (including 60A), and 6P UART cable for others.3. SOC indicatior is compatible with Only 4 strings or more (not including 4 strings) SMART BMS.Package Included:1 x USB to UART Cable 3P(optional)1 x USB to UART Cable 6P(optional)1 x USB to RS485 Cable(optional)1 x Power display panel (optional)1 x Bluetooth module (optional)1 x UART touch control screen(optional)1 x RS485 touch control screen(optional)1 x USB to CAN box(optional)1 x 1 x NTC cable (optional)




