https://www.banggood.com/Local-Music-Playback-Bakeey-I19-1_3-inch-Touch-Screen-bluetooth-Calling-Dynamic-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-Blood-Oxygen-Monitor-30-Days-Standby-260mAh-BT-5_0-Ultrathin-Smart-Watch-p-1882993.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=510658&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
[Local Music Playback] Bakeey I19 1.3 inch Touch Screen bluetooth Calling Dynamic Heart Rate Blood Pressure Blood Oxygen Monitor 30 Days Standby 260mAh BT 5.0 Ultrathin Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Main Features:1. 1.3 inch Ultrathin Touch Screen2. Blood Pressure & Dynamic Heart Rate Monitor3. bluetooth Calling5. Female Physical Health Reminder6. Multi-Sport Mode7. 260mAh Battery capacity, 30days StandbySpecification Brand Bakeey Model I19 bluetooth Version5.0 Compatible System Android system 4.4 version or above; iOS system 8.4 version or above Operating Mode Full Touch Screen Flash128M APP NameWearfit Pro APP LanguageChinese, English, Japanese, Korean, French, German, Russian, Polish, Spanish, Portuguese, Dutch, ArabicSpecial Features Waterproof 3ATM Waterproof Multi-Sport Mode Support Walking, Running, Riding, Skipping, Playing Basketball, Playing Table Tennis, Climbing Heart Rate Monitor Support Blood Pressure Monitor Support  Blood Oxygen Monitor Support  Breathing and Relaxation Support  Physical Health Status Support  bluetooth Call Support Music Playback Support  Sedentary Reminder Support  Drinking-Water Reminder Support  Sleep Monitor Support  Multiple Dials Support Real-Time Weather Support  Alarm Clock Reminder Support  Incoming Call Reminder Support Technical Parameters Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.3 inch Pixel: 240*240 Battery Battery Capacity: 260mAh Standby Time: About 45 days Using time: About 2-3 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Method: MagneticAppearance & Details Size Watch Diameter: About 43mm Case Thickness: About 13mm Band Length: About 260mm Band Width: About 22mm Package Included 1* Bakeey I19 Smart Bracelet  1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual Tips: 1. Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1.The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2.If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3.Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1.Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2.Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.3.If your watch still can’t be charge successfully, please contact our customer services right away. Please click the customer service.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1.Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charger.2.If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.




