https://www.banggood.com/Zeblaze-Lily-1_1-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-SpO2-Monitor-20+-Sports-Modes-30-Days-Standby-IP68-Waterproof-BT5_0-Female-Smart-Watch-p-1902828.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6292640&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
Zeblaze Lily 1.1 inch Full Touch Screen Heart Rate Blood Pressure SpO2 Monitor 20+ Sports Modes 30 Days Standby IP68 Waterproof BT5.0 Female Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification Brand Zeblaze Model Lily Chip Realtek 8762C Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android 6.0 or above; iOS 9.0 or above Operating Mode Full-Touch APP Name GloryFit APP Language Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English, Italian, Portuguese, Korean, Japanese, German, Spanish, French, Arabic, Hindi, Polish, Russian, Dutch, Turkish, Indonesian, Czech Watch Language Chinese, English, Portuguese, German, Turkish, Spanish, French, Italian, Arabic, Russian, Dutch, Korean, Japanese, Hindu, Czech, Polish, IndonesianSpecial Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Message Reminder Reject Call APP Notification  Health Heart Rate Monitor Women Health Tracking SpO2 Measurement Blood Pressure Monitor Sleep Monitor Sedentary Reminder Exercise and Record 20+ Sport Modes (Support Walking, Outdoor Running, Indoor Running, Swimming, Cycling, Skipping, Table Tennis, Badminton, Tennis, Mountaineering, Basketball,  Football, Baseball, Volleyball, Cricket, Rugby, Hockey, Spinning, Dancing, Gymnastics, Jumping, Rowing, Sit-ups, Yoga) Pedometer Move Bar Auto Goal Real-time Pace Calories Distance Application Music Control Camera Control Alarm Clock Weather Stopwatch Find Phone Do Not Disturb Mode Dial Market Custom Watch FacesTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP68 Sensor Accelerometer, Heart Rate Sensor, Proximity Sensor Screen Size: 1.1 inch Resolution: 240*240 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 200 mAh  Standby Time: About 30 days Using time: About 15 days Charging Time: About 1.5 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Material Band Material: Silicone Watch Case Material: Aluminum Alloy Weight and Size Product Size: 46*46*9.6 mm Dial Size: 39.5*39.5*11.5mm  Band Width: 18mm  Wrist Circumference: 125-200 mm Weight: About 36.8 g Packing List 1* Zeblaze Lily Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual (English Version)Tips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.




