https://www.banggood.com/Realme-Band-2-1_4-inch-500-Nits-Brightness-Screen-Real-Time-Heart-Rate-SpO2-Monitor-90-Sports-Modes-50+-Personalized-Dial-Faces-5ATM-Waterproof-Long-Standby-Smart-Watch-p-1909740.html?cur_warehouse=HK&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
Realme Band 2 1.4 inch 500 Nits Brightness Screen Real-Time Heart Rate SpO2 Monitor 90 Sports Modes 50+ Personalized Dial Faces 5ATM Waterproof Long Standby Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification Brand Realme Model Band 2 CPU GR5515GND Bluetooth Version BT 5.1 Compatible OS Android 5.1 or above; iOS 11.0 or above Flash 1Gbit Operating Mode Full-Touch APP Name Realme LinkSpecial Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Message Reminder Reject Call APP Notification  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Breathing Training Women Health Tracking Drink Water Reminder Sleep Monitor Sedentary Reminder Stress Measurement Exercise and Record 90 Sports Modes, Outdoor Run, Outdoor Walk, Outdoor Cycle, Indoor Run, Indoor Walk, Football, Cricket, Basketball, Spinning, Rower, Elliptical, Yoga, Free Training Pedometer Step Goal Completion Reminder Activity Records Calories Distance Application Music Control Camera Control Alarm Clock Weather Forecast Stopwatch Find Phone Do Not Disturb Mode Brightness Adjustment Raise Hand to Bright Screen OTA Upgrade Low Battery Reminder Dial Market Custom Watch FacesTechnical Parameters Waterproof 5ATM  Sensor Accelerometer sensor, Heart rate sensor Screen Size: 1.4 inch Type: TFT-LCD Resolution: 167*320 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 204 mAh  Using time: About 12 days（with 24 hours continuous heart rate ON) Charging Time: ≤2 hours Charging Type: USB Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Material Band Material: TPU Watch Case Material: PC Weight and Size Product Size: 259.86*24.67*12.15mm Band Width: 18mm  Adjustable Band Length: 150-220mm Weight: 27.3g Packing List 1* Realme Band 2 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Base 1* User Manual (English Version)Tips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.




