https://www.banggood.com/Bakeey-W10-1_3-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-PPG+ECG-Heart-Rate-Blood-Oxygen-Blood-Pressure-Body-Temperature-Monitor-IP67-Waterproof-240mAh-Smart-Watch-p-1919150.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=510655&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
Bakeey W10 1.3 inch Full-Touch Screen PPG+ECG Heart Rate Blood Oxygen Blood Pressure Body Temperature Monitor IP67 Waterproof 240mAh Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification Brand Bakeey Model W10  Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android 4.4 or above; iOS 8.0 or above Operating Mode Full-Touch APP Name Mecare APP Language Chinese, traditional, English , Japanese, German, Russian, Italian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Thai, Czech, Greek, Polish, Vietnamese, Turkish, Romanian, Hungarian, Danish, Finnish, Arabic, Ukrainian, Hebrew, Persian, Irish, Slovak, Norwegian, Korean, Croatian, Swedish Watch Language English, Chinese, Russian, German, French, Japanese, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Korean, Polish, Malay, Traditional ChineseSpecial Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Message Reminder Information Reminder  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor ECG Monitor Body Temperature Monitor Sleep Monitor Sedentary Reminder Exercise and Record Multi-Sport Modes Pedometer Exercise Time Stopwatch Mileage Calorie Consumption Application Remote Camera Weather Forecast Alarm Clock Find the Watch Turn Wrist to Light Screen Brightness Adjustment Multi-DialsTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP67 Sensor Accelerometer, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.3 inch Type: TFT Resolution: 240*240 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 240mAh  Standby Time: About 15 days Using time: About 5 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Material Band Material: Silicone Watch Case Material: Zinc Alloy Weight and Size Diameter: 45mm Band Width: 22mm Case Thickness: About 12mm Band Length: 160-225mm Weight: About 52.8g Packing List 1* Bakeey W10 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User ManualTips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.




