https://www.banggood.com/SENBONO-GTS-1_70-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-Heart-Rate-Monitor-SpO2-Blood-Pressure-Measurement-Multi-Dial-IP68-Waterproof-200mAh-BT5_0-Smart-Watch-p-1926976.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
SENBONO GTS 1.70 inch Full Touch Screen Heart Rate Monitor SpO2 Blood Pressure Measurement Multi-Dial IP68 Waterproof 200mAh BT5.0 Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification Brand SENBONO Model GTS Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android 5.0 or above; iOS 9.0 or above Chipset Realtek8762C   Flash 64M Operating Mode Full-Touch APP Name GloryFit APP Language English, Russian, Indonesian, German, Italian, Czech, Japanese, French, Polish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English, Portuguese, Spanish, Arabic, Korean Watch Language Russian, Indonesian, German, Italian, Czech, Japanese, French, Polish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English, Portuguese, Spanish, Arabic, Korean, Dutch, HindiSpecial Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Call Rejection Message Reminder Information Reminder  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor Sleep Monitor Exercise and Record Multi-Sport Modes Pedometer Stopwatch Distance Calorie Consumption Application Remote Camera Music Control Weather Alarm Reminder Raise your Hand to Light the Screen Brightness AdjustmentTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP68 Waterproof Sensor G-Sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.70 inch Type: TFT Pixel: 240*280px Battery Battery Capacity: 200mAh  Standby Time: About 30days Using Time: About 10 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Material Band Material: TPU Watch Case Material: Zinc Alloy Weight and Size Watch Head Size: About 35.69*43.8mm Case Thickness: About 10mm Weight: About 48.3g Packing List 1* SENBONO GTS Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual (English Version)Tips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis




