https://www.banggood.com/KOSPET-TANK-M1-1_72-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-Oxygen-Monitor-24-Sports-Modes-50-Days-Standby-IP69-Waterproof-3-Proof-Rugged-Smart-Watch-p-1934125.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
KOSPET TANK M1 1.72 inch Full Touch Screen Heart Rate Blood Pressure Oxygen Monitor 24 Sports Modes 50 Days Standby IP69 Waterproof 3-Proof Rugged Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















KOSPET TANK M1 Smart Watch Accessories：20mm Camouflage Silicone Watch Band，click here to buy it!57cm Charging Cable，click here to buy it!Main Selling Point:- 5ATM&IP69K waterproof, and obtained IP69K certification.- The watch can withstand repeated rolling by cars over 2 tons.- The watch has passed the dust test and is suitable for the mining environment.- 380mAh big battery, standby time above 50days, daily using time above 15days.- The latest HRS3690 heart rate sensor is more accurate.- 1.72-inch clear display, resolution 280*320, gives you a better visual experience. Multifunctional KOSPET TANK M1 SmartwatchSmart Notifications for incoming calls, text messages of Apps (WeChat, QQ, Weibo, Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, Line, KakaoTalk, Instagram, Skype, etc). Sleep Monitoring, Pedometer, Sedentary Reminder, Alarm Clock, Weather, Music/ Music Control, 24-Hour Heart Rate Monitoring, Blood Pressure Monitor, Blood Oxygen Monitor. Brings your life more convenience.More functions waiting for you to explore！Specification Brand KOSPET Product Name TANK M1 Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Operating Mode Full-Touch Compatible OS Android 5.1 or above; iOS 10.0 or above APP Name Da Fit APP Language English, Arabic, Danish, German, Spanish, Finnish, French, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Dutch, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Swedish, Thai, Ukrainian, Chinese, Traditional Chinese etc. Watch Language English (default), French, German, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Afghan, Ukrainian,Arabic, Turkish, RomanianSpecial Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Reject Call Message Reminder  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Sleep Monitor Exercise and Record Multi-sport Modes (Support 20 sports modes) Pedometer Calories Distance Application Music Control Camera Control Weather Display Stopwatch Calendar Power DisplayTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP69 Sensor Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.72 inch Type: IPS Resolution: 280*320 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 380 mAh  Standby Time: About 50 days Using Time: About 15 days Charging Type: Magnetic ChargingAppearance & Details Material Watch Material: Metal+Plastic Band Material: Silicone Weight and Size Dial Size: About 54.8*44.6*14.8 mm Band Size: About 22 mm Band Length: About 265 mm Product Weight: About 55g Packing List 1* KOSPET TANK M1 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual 1* Warranty Card 1* Protective FilmTips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.




