https://www.banggood.com/SENBONO-GTS3-1_69-inch-HD-Full-Touch-Screen-bluetooth-Calling-Real-time-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-SpO2-Monitor-Multi-sport-Modes-IP67-Waterproof-Smart-Watch-p-1934548.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
SENBONO GTS3 1.69 inch HD Full Touch Screen bluetooth Calling Real-time Heart Rate Blood Pressure SpO2 Monitor Multi-sport Modes IP67 Waterproof Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















 Dear customer, SENBONO GTS3 has launched original watch accessories--Black Silicone/ Milian Steel Watch Band. Click here to unlock a new color scheme.Specification Brand SENBONO Model GTS3 Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Operating Mode Full-Touch Compatible OS Android 4.4 or above; iOS 9.0 or above APP Name JYOUPRO APP Language Chinese, English, Traditional Chinese, Japanese, Korean, French, German, Russian, Polish, Spanish, Portuguese, Dutch, Arabic, Czech, Greek, Hindi, Hungarian, Italian, Slovak, Turkish, Thai, Croatian UI Language English, Chinese, Spanish, Portuguese, German, French, Russian, Italian, Thai, Dutch, Czech, Turkish, Malay, Slovak, Polish, JapaneseSpecial Features Information Reminder bluetooth Calling Call Reminder Reject the Call Call ID Display Message Reminder  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Sleep Monitoring Sedentary Reminder Exercise and Record Multi-sport Modes Step Count Calories Application Camera Control Music Control Alarm Clock Stopwatch Calendar Power Display Multi-dial Switching Find PhoneTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP67 Screen Size: 1.69 inch Type: TFT Resolution: 240*280 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 220 mAh  Standby Time: About 15 days Using Time: About 7 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Type: Magnetic  ChargingAppearance & Details Material Watch Material: Zinc Alloy Band Material: Silicone Size Dial Size: About 40*45*11mm Band Length: About 260mm Packing List 1* SENBONO GTS3 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User ManualTips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.




