https://www.banggood.com/Antii-Sppy-Cell-Phone-Signal-Bug-RF-Camera-GSM-Device-2600Mhz-p-82875.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
Antii Sppy Cell Phone Signal Bug RF Camera GSM Device 2600Mhz







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Description :

Antii-Sppy Cell Phone Signal Bug RF Camera GSM Device Detector 2600Mhz

	For a safely meaning like business negotiation and contract signing.
	Helps ensure the privacy of your phone conversations.
	Can effectively prevent eavesdropping, videotaping, fraud, protect personal privacy data and information confidential.
	Fit for hotel / restaurant / public toilet / changing room, etc.

Specifications : 

	Detecting frequency : 100~2600Mhz
	Effective range : 1-10m (3.2~32ft)
	Color : black

Using Ranges : 

	Detect that if your car or office is stuffed with wireless wirretap or surveillance devices.
	Detect if the cell phone is wirretapped orr is abnormal ( transmit signals without any reason at standby)
	Detect if your car is stuffed with GPS tracking wirretap or GPS tracker.
	Detect if there is radiation of roof base stations in your working environment or residential buildings.
	Detect receiving and transmitting signals of short message service, signals of surfing the internet with cell phones, signals of cell phone opening, closing and calls.
	Detect wireless network signals, cell phone base station signals and the field density of wireless surveillance system.
	Detect if household appliance like microwave oven leak the harmful electromagnetic radiation to people..
	Detect if there is acute radiation called “cell phone caller” in your staying places.
	Detect if there is suspicious wireless signals in your staying places.
	Detect if there is more secret 5.8 GHz wireless web camera, wireless wirretap and wire monitor.
	Inspect hotels, restrooms, guesthouse, entertaining places, dressing rooms to prevent wireless pinhole cameras.
	Prevent wireless wirretapping at the places of ATM machines, theatres, art galleries and museums, etc.
	Before buying buildings, first detect if there is harmful electromagnetic radiation to people’s health.

Package included : 

	1 x Wireless RF Sensor
	1 x User Manual

Details pictures : 
	 








	 


,,,


