https://www.banggood.com/UNO-R3-ATmega328P-Development-Board-Geekcreit-for-Arduino-products-that-work-with-official-Arduino-boards-p-963697.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop
UNO R3 ATmega328P Development Board Geekcreit for Arduino - products that work with official Arduino boards







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Note: This version can not compatible with OS system


Features:

	Opening original schematic design, free development software interface download, also allow your needs to be modified, easy and convenient to download the program.
	Can simply use sensors, all kinds of electronic components connection (such as LED lights, buzzer, buttons and photosensitive resistance, etc.), make all sorts of interesting work.
	Using high-speed microprocessor controller (ATMEGA328), development interface and environment are all very simple, easy to understand, very suitable for beginners to learn.

Description:

	Digital I / O: 0 - 13
	Analog I / O: 0 - 5
	Support ISP download function
	Input voltage: DC 5V ~ 9V (No external power supply when connected to the computer)
	Output voltage: DC 5V / 3.3V
	Using Atmega328 microprocessor controller

How to use:

	1. Download the IDE
	   Link: http: http://.cc/en/Main/Software (Copy to open)
	2. Download the USB chip driver
	   Link: http://www.5v.ru/zip/ch341ser.zip (Copy to open)
	3. Plug in UNO development board, the driver will be installed automatically
	4. Select the UNO from the Option
	5. Select the COM port
	6. The best choice first, come with routine procedures, burn into it.

Package included:

	1 x UNO R3 Development Board
	1 x USB cable



















