1548872
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/ser1/banggood/images/28/DC/8798edc5-c4dd-4fe7-a5b2-6dab606cb29e.jpg
3 in 1 LCD Display Electric Auto Car Pump Motorcycle Bike Truck Bicycle USB Rechargeable Mini Air Pump for Travel
https://www.banggood.com/3-in-1-LCD-Display-Electric-Auto-Car-Pump-Motorcycle-Bike-Truck-Bicycle-USB-Rechargeable-Mini-Air-Pump-for-Travel-p-1548872.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategorySportsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specification:



Name

3 in 1 LCD Display Electric Auto Car Pump



Battery capacity

2000mAh 3.7V



Battery voltage

4.2 V / 2.7V



Charging time

2-3 hours



Life span

200H



Motor working life

800H



Operating temperature

0-45℃



Inflation pressure range

0-100PSI



Inflation speed

20L / min



Work duration

40 min



Working noise

80dB



Charging interface

USB




Charging parameter


5V / 2A



Size

150 x 60mm / 5.91 x 2.36inch




Features:
  3 in 1 flashlight, power bank and air pump design.

 -FCC, CE, Rosh, PSE, UN38.8, MSDS certification.


 -Smart & Automatic: Fast inflation smart auto pump has 4 unit values as PSI, BAR, KPA, Kg/cm ², 5 modes of inflatables, preset and monitor tire pressure, automatically shut off when desired pressure is reached.

 -USB Rechargeable & Power Bank: This electric tire air pump with built-in 2000mAh extra-Large capacity Lithium battery which has mobile power function, charge for Android and iOS devices. Charging via USB.

 -Portable & Safety Inflator: Mini-body, cordless hand-held, small size, light and easy to carry and travel. Professional safety overcurrent, overvoltage, overcharge protection to make you enjoy the inflation process.

 -LED Flashlight & LCD Digital Display: Fineed tire pump with large HD LCD digital pressure gauge with backlight and super bright LED light, provide you with convenient for emergency lighting and read the digital at night.

 -Powerful & Multipurpose: This air compressor pump support continuous work for 40 minutes, standby time up to 2 years. Can inflate 20 empty bike tires when battery fully charged. For bicycles, motorcycles, bike, cars tires include SUV, balls, swimming rings, inflatable toys etc.

 -Mini electric portable air compressor, multifunction cordless air inflator perfect for bicycle tires, car tires, motercycle tires, inflatable toys, swimming rings, balls etc. For camping trips, hiking, road trips, vacations and more! Meet your travel and home use needs! That is why order hand held tires pump for yourself or as a thoughtful gift idea for a special friend, which is portable, lightweight and mini!


Don't know how to pump ? Just follow these steps:

1. Long press the power button for 3 seconds and wait for the progress bar to complete.

2. Short press the set button to select 5 modes of inflatable spicial scene.

3. Short press the U/LED button to switch the air pressure unit.

(1PSI-6.89KPA 1BAR=100KPA 1KG/cm²=98KPA)

4. Short press the preset +/- buttons to adjust the preset pressure. Long press them to adjust the value quickly.

5. Connect air hose

6. Short press the power button to start.
		 
Package included:
	1 x Air pump

1 x 160mm trachea

1 x Ball needle

1 x Swimming ring mouth

1 x American gas nozzle

1 x USB charging cable

1 x Five-language instruction manual



Note:

- The device can automatically preset the air pressure value according to the scene you choose.

- The device has a memory function-when you turn it on the scene will be same as that you chose last time.

- USB output 5V s 2A. You can charge your smart phone once. It needs to be turned on when charging, when the battery is low or the phone has been fully charged, the air pump automatically shut down.

	 






