1626926
https://imgaz2.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/ser1/banggood/images/70/A0/49e135b7-acb1-4a7c-9d50-0aa3df8d89cc.jpg
BIKIGHT Scooter Wheel Fender Set For M365/Pro Electric Scooter Front Rear Fender Rear Fender Fastener Tail Light 
https://www.banggood.com/BIKIGHT-Scooter-Wheel-Fender-Set-For-M365-or-Pro-Electric-Scooter-Front-Rear-Fender-Rear-Fender-Fastener-Tail-Light--p-1626926.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=513234&rmmds=CategorySportsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:




Brand

BIKIGHT 



Material

PP



Weight

120g




Features:
High-quality
The rear mud guard is made of ABS and high strength PC, it guarantees robust, stable and durable performance.
Ultra Single Mounting
The rear mud guard is easily accessible, there are only a few screws to remove and disconnected your rear light. This fender is sold without fixing screws and without light. It will be enough to recover them on your old fender.
Resistant
The rear mud guard is made of strong black plastic, which ensures its solidity. A recyclable material respects the environment. Reinforced mounting holes made of aluminum provide greater strength at attachment points.
Efficiency 
The rear mud guard against mud splashes with its unique and discreet look. A compact and lightweight mudguard keeps all its properties in the face of bad weather.
Compatibility
This fender has been developed only for the Xiaomi M365 electric scooter. It is not compatible for cycling, mountain biking or other electric scooters.
Best Service
Your Satisfaction is important. Our customer service is at your disposal. If you have any problems about the mud guard, we answer you within a maximum of 24 hours.

Package:
1 x Front Fender 
1 x Rear Fender
1 x Tail Light 

1 x Rear fender fastener








