1635167
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/ser1/banggood/images/FD/5B/2a8b384f-2dcb-4d04-b710-660f3bc081df.jpeg
OUTERDO 3300LM 8Modes 8LED Rechargeable Headlamp Flashlight with USB Cable 2 Batteries, Waterproof LED Head Torch Head Light with Red Light for Camping Fishing Car Repair Outdoor
https://www.banggood.com/OUTERDO-3300LM-8Modes-8LED-Rechargeable-Headlamp-Flashlight-with-USB-Cable-2-Batteries,Waterproof-LED-Head-Torch-Head-Light-with-Red-Light-for-Camping-Fishing-Car-Repair-Outdoor-p-1635167.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategorySportsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specifications:




Product Name

OUTERDO Rechargeable Headlamp



Material

Aluminum alloy + ABS



Head circumference


58 cm




Lightsource

8 LEDs



Running time

About 4-9 hours



Irradiation distance

200-500m



Brightness

Maximum lumen about 3300



Weight

Approximately 315g



Power supply

2 * rechargeable lithium battery



Charging mod

USB charging



Waterproof specification

IP4 waterproof





	 

Features:

1.UlTRA BRIGHT & LONG LIFE
		The bright headlamp consists of 8 LED bulbs, which provides up to 3300 lumens of super brightness and the maximum
		illumination range reaches 600 meters that you can see the surroundings very clearly in the dark.
		The rechargeable headlamp has long service life and can be work for 7-9 hours in once fully charging.

2.USB CHARGE & 8 MODES OF LIGHT
		LED Headlamp Flashlight is equipped with two removable batteries, can charge it with the supplied USB cable, it can use for a long time.
		The LED headlamp has 8 light modes and the lamp head can turn 90° down, can adjust the light modes and direction according to
		your needs by pressing two buttons, very simple to use.

3.COMFORT ADJUSTABLE & SAFETY TAILLIGHT
		This LED Head Torch is lightweight and it is equipped with ergonomically designed elastic headband and head sponge pad, which can be easily adjusted to fit for most head circumference and comfortable to wear. And there is a red safety taillight on the back of the battery bin that can be a reminder in the ride or run at night, to provide a safer environment.

4.IP4 Waterproof and Diverse Use
		Rechargeable headlight has IP4 waterproof rating, waterproof switches, cable, and high-quality battery bin is more sealed to prevent water leakage, even on rainy days and other bad weather can be used normally. This waterproof headlamp is very suitable for fishing, hunting, night racing, hiking, camping, car repair, emergency rescue, and other outdoor and indoor activities.

5.WHAT WE PROVIDE
		OUTERDO strives to provide customers with higher quality products and services. For one price you get a headlamp, 2 rechargeable batteries, USB charging cable, and an extra high-quality storage box. And then, If you have any questions about this product, please feel free to contact us, we will provide you with a satisfactory solution. Don't hesitate to make this risk-free happy purchase.



Package included:
	1 x Rechargeable LED Headlamp;

1 x USB Charging Cable;

2 x Rechargeable Battery;

1 x Storage Box

		 

Note:

Do not look at the LED light directly.

At least 6 hours for its first charge.

Don't charge it all night.
















