1841013
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/9C/16/20396917-d05e-4c01-9739-c36d91e68fef.jpg
Fitness Waist Belt Shaperwear Bodysuits Corset Sport Tummy Control Strap Slimming Sweat Fat Burning Belt
https://www.banggood.com/Fitness-Waist-Belt-Shaperwear-Bodysuits-Corset-Sport-Tummy-Control-Strap-Slimming-Sweat-Fat-Burning-Belt-p-1841013.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287638&rmmds=CategorySportsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:FabricChlorinated fiber (PVC)ColorGreySuitable forWomen menSeasonsFour seasonsSuitable placeLeisure and daily lifeFeatures:1. Waist training sticker: made of comfortable adjustable and elastic fabric, flexible and durable.100% latex-free neoprene elastic, comfortable and fine fabric, easy to clean, fit the body, and will not tickle or irritate the skin.Adjustable sticker, breathable mesh backing. It is very suitable for shaping body shape after childbirth.2. Our belt is made of neoprene and polyester, which helps to decorate the waist more flexibly and add comfort to the wearer.3. The relatively wide waistband design can cover the abdominal area, which makes you feel relaxed during exercise.Because the material is thick enough, it generates heat and burns fat. Our belly slim belt has a large number of stickers, which makes it easy for people of different sizes to wear this modified belt.Spandex waistband provides more tightening ability for this trainer.4. We use the best belt, which is very elastic and can provide a lot of support for your side and back. Provide immediate abdominal compression and lumbar support. Body-building, waist-tightening, hip-lifting, but not deep into the skin.Highlight lumbar support to help you relieve waist pain.5. Our belts help you look slimmer, so you don't have to spend more time dealing with abdominal fat.It is very suitable for providing compression and support, abdominal recovery or abdominal modification after pregnancy6. The high-elastic fabric has no resistance to movement, which makes the movement more refreshing. It is extended on the basis of the original model, and 3 belts can better decorate the waistPackage included:1 x Fitness Waist BeltWash tip:Suggested gently wash the reverse side.Should not be washed with hot water, hanging and drying.Should be washed by color separation.Note:1. Due to fabric sensitivity, display settings and others, the actual color of the item might be slightly different from the color showed on pictures.2. The size data is measured by tiled, please allow 1-3cm measuring deviation due to manual measurement.3. Select the size according to your size, and if the size is between two, select a larger one.4. Due to the difference between cutting and production batches, printing may be displaced. Please read it carefully before you buy.5. Due to transportation, if the products received with wrinkle, do not worry, this will disappear after washing, if still, it is recommended by ironing.





