1927746
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/1C/7E/b06f7644-4ed4-47d1-824b-f1c1f2bdad1a.jpg
CYCPLUS G1 Upgrade Version Bicycle Computer GPS Wireless  Waterproof Smart Stopwatch Speedometer Odometer Cyclocomputer Accessories For MTB Road Cycle
https://www.banggood.com/CYCPLUS-G1-Upgrade-Version-Bicycle-Computer-GPS-Wireless-Waterproof-Smart-Stopwatch-Speedometer-Odometer-Cyclocomputer-Accessories-For-MTB-Road-Cycle-p-1927746.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategorySportsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:Screen size2.0 inch Weight 55*99*22mmProduct Size56gBattery 600mAhCharging interface Micro USBRun time10hCharging time2hWaterproof IPX6Features:1. GPS Cycling Computer: Accurate GPS signal tracks your route. Clear screen displays speed, average speed, max speed, time, riding time, date, trip distance, total distance and other data in real time, make cycling more colorful, no longer boring and enjoy the happiness of each ride.2. 10 Hours Max Battery: Large battery capacity, without backlight, up to 10 hours, with backlight. Large battery power satisfies one day's cycling need. It also supports charging during riding with universal Android USB interface. Small size, large capacity, enough power to support daily riding.3. IPX6 Waterproof: The cycling computer has IPX6 level waterproof performance, support for use in rainy weather. Anti-dazzling screen is also great for riding under strong sunlight. no matter rainy or sunny, the cycling computer has always loyally accompanied your cycling. (please lock the USB cover during rain and dry it in time.)4. Easy to Use: Easy to operate, with detailed instructions and official website. The screen shows a variety of detailed data that is easily understand. Follow the instructions and set up cycling computer well then you can start your ride.Package included:1x bike computer1x user manual1x micro usb cable1x bike cumputer mount1x rubber pad4x rubber band





