https://www.banggood.com/80L-Molle-Tactical-Bag-Outdoor-Traveling-Camping-Hiking-Military-Rucksacks-Backpack-Camouflage-Bag--p-1556947.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=530026&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
80L Molle Tactical Bag Outdoor Traveling Camping Hiking Military Rucksacks Backpack Camouflage Bag 







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:




Name

Outdoor Backpack



Colors

Black,Khaki,Desert Camouflage,
				Jungle Digital,Camouflage#1,Camouflage#2



Material

Oxford Cloth+Nylon(Waterproof)



Capacity

80L



Size

about 34x17x72cm




Features:
It is constructed with waterproof 600D Nylon material.
Molle design, molle belt on the fornt and two sides.
Come with 2 zipper outside pocket.
With 3 detachable molle pouches attached on front and two sides.
Large cargo with a big compartment in it.
Come with a hand carry strap and adjustable shoulder strap.
Wide and thick waist belt, comfortable for heavy carry.
Applicable Places: Multi-functional climbing backpack is suitable for different groups of men and women, suitable for various occasions patrol, hiking, camping, survival adventure, military, rescue, camping, tactical drills, cycling, mountaineering, equipment and various outdoor sports

Package Included:
1 x Outdoor Backpack

Notes:
-Due to different producing batches, product details might be a little different. If you minding the difference, please buy it carefully.
-Please allow 1-3CM differs due to manual measurement.
-Due to the different display and different light, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item. Thanks for your understanding.















