https://www.banggood.com/2x0_5L-DEDEPU-Scuba-Diving-Tank-Mini-Scuba-Tank-Air-Oxygen-Cylinder-Underwater-Diving-Set-With-Adapter-and-Storage-Box-Diving-Set-equipment-11-In-1-p-1558302.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=223&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
2x0.5L DEDEPU Scuba Diving Tank Mini Scuba Tank Air Oxygen Cylinder Underwater Diving Set With Adapter & Storage Box Diving Set equipment 11 In 1







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specification

	1. Material: Aluminum Alloy+ Silicone

	2. Surface Processing: Hard Anodizing & Spraying Treatment

	3. Color: Yellow / Green / Black

	4. Capacity: 0.5L

	5. Length: 350mm

	6. Diameter: 59mm

	7. Pressure: 3000PSI / 200bar / 20MPa

	8. Water Volume: 26.62cu.in/0.42liters

	9. Gas Capacity: 3.0cu ft/85liters

	10. Breathing Number: 170times(0.5 Liters each time)

	11. Life Span: Resistant to sea water corrosion for over 500hrs.


Features:

		Mini, portable, suitable for outdoors and traveling.

		57 times breath above water, or 21 times for adult under water.
		The 0.5L oxygen cylinder allows the diver to stay 7 meters underwater for 6-10 minutes (depending on individual lung capacity and depth of diving), perfect for beginners.


			Supports 3 types of inflation: Manual high-pressure Inflatable pump, aqualung switch, electric inflator.

			Uses aviation aluminum material and meets the manufacturing standards for diving equipment.

			Press and hold the top to vent the pressure inside the bottle.

			 Lightweight and portable design, it can be taken on board after twisting the breathing valve.




Package Include:

		2x Oxygen Cylinder 

		2x Breathing Valve

		1x High High-Pressure Air Pump(sliver)

		1x Scuba Adapter

		1x Lanyard Rope

		1x Nylon Hand Bag

		1x Oxygen Cylinder Holder Bag

		1 x Tool Set

		1 x User Manual
		 


Work Time:

	In 1~3m Deep: 8~10min

	In 3~7m Deep: 6~8min

	In 7~10m Deep: 5~6min

	 

Three Inflateble Way:

	1. Manual high high-pressure air pump ( Optional)

	2. From the big oxygen bottle. (Not included)

	3. Electric pump.(Not included)

	 

Warning: Please do not use this product before you read and understand the instruction and notes.

	1. This product is suitable for recreational diving gas source within 10 meters. Do not try to use it as a gas source in deeper waters.

	2. This product can be used as a spare air source for recreational diving within a depth of 30 meters.

	3. Before using this product, t is strongly recommended that you be trained or certified by a recognized certification body in scuba diving technology. The use of this breathing apparatus by uncertified or trained personnel is dangerous and may cause serious injury or death.

	4. This product is suitable for use in waters that above 10

	Degrees Celsius.

	5. Inflate the product before use and check the product for damage or leakage. Never use products that are damaged, leaking, or showing signs of performance failure.

	6. The maximum canning pressure of this product is 3000PSI, and it can't be used for gases containing with more than 40% oxygen. Please use clean and dry compressed air.

	7. Store the product in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight. Do not store it in the trunk of a car or at a high temperature.

	8. This product is a high-precision product. Please do not disassemble this product at will. Unauthorized disassemble and assembly of this product may damage the product.

	9. Do not use this product separately. Need to be accompanied by two or more people.

	10. When using this product, you must wear an emergency rescue equipment. This product does not provide protection when in danger.

	11.After use, please wash the product with clear water.

	12.the the pressure gauge indicator reaches the red area, please rise to the surface of the water and use it again after inflation.

	13. First time please practice in the shallow waters.

	 

Warm Prompt:

	1. Before using this product, please carefully read and understand the product manual.

	2. The aeration value of the product shall not exceed 20MPA.

	3. Do not fill gas with oxygen content greater than 40%.

	4. It will be faster to inflate the product using a matching special switch through a large oxygen tank or an electric pump. Manual inflating pump is used as a backup filling method.

	5. After filling the air, you must release the pressure first! Otherwise it could be dangerous.Diving bottle installation





