https://www.banggood.com/Outdoor-Automatic-Tent-4-Person-Family-Tent-Picnic-Traveling-Camping-Tent-Outdoor-Rainproof-Windproof-Tent-Tarp-Shelter-p-1575849.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=6157193&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
Outdoor Automatic Tent 4 Person Family Tent Picnic Traveling Camping Tent Outdoor Rainproof Windproof Tent Tarp Shelter







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:




				Name

				Camping Tent 



Color

Sliver,Black



Fabric

210D Oxford Cloth



Expanded size

215x215x142cm



Rod material

Fiberglass rod



Folding length / diameter

76cm / 18cm



Applicable Number

4 Person



Net Weight

Approx.3.7kg



Function

UV Protection, Moisture Proof, Waterproof




Features:
	- Portable Automatic Tent:
	It only takes a few seconds to open completely, Completely eliminating your heavy labor. Setting up a traditional manual camping tent can be done quickly even for children.
	- Large Space:
	Can accommodate 4 people, unrestrained, free play.
	- B3 anti-mosquito breathable mesh:
	B3 anti-mosquito breathable mesh is designed behind each door and window, and when it is ventilated, it can effectively prevent outdoor mosquitoes from entering the account.
	-Rainproof and anti-fog:
	The all-round protection tent is not exposed to rain, and the 210D waterproof Oxford fabric material acts as a barrier to condensation.
	- Comfortable & Breathable:
	Two door and two windows with high-density mesh screen, air convection, prevent mosquitoes and ensure ventilation, even if it is cool in summer, not sultry.
	- Light and Compact:
	Come in a convenient carry bag for compact storage and easy transport. Suitable for hiking, climbing, camping, music festivals, picnic, self-driving tour, kids camping in the backyard, dogs sleeping, fishing and other outdoor activities.

Package Included:
	1 x Camping Tent (WIth Moisture proof pad)
	1 x Storage bag Bag
	1 Pairs of Hall pole

Notes:
	1.Please allow 1-3cm error due to manual measurement. Please make sure you do not mind before you bid.
	2.The colors may have different as the difference display, please understand.













