https://www.banggood.com/1-Pair-5V-or-2A-USB-Charging-EVA-Elastic-Fiber-Heating-Insoles-Outdoor-Winter-Warmth-Sports-Shoes-Insole-p-1604196.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=3147&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
1 Pair 5V/2A USB Charging EVA Elastic Fiber Heating Insoles Outdoor Winter Warmth Sports Shoes Insole







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specifications:
Item: Heating Insoles
Material: EVA elastic fiber
Charging Type: USB Charging
Voltage: 5V/2A
 Temperature: 40-50 ° C
Size: M: 35-39 yard
         L: 40-44 yard
Color: Black
Suitable For: Outdoor skiing, winter warmth, indoor office warmth, etc


Features:

	-Far infrared carbon fiber, through a special process to produce a thickness of only 0.02cm/0.01", soft sheet heating material, 
	 its heating evenly, high heat conversion rate, heating, soft and comfortable

	-Energy-saving environmental protection. Power less than 8W, an average of 125 hours consumption of 1 kWh

	-Can be directly placed in shoes, easy to save. Feet separation, flexible and convenient

	-Power, USB socket, one end of USB line is connected with computer USB socket, and the other end is connected with insole.

	USB heating insoles have 3 kinds of heating methods:

	USB interface heating(Included USB cable);

	Power adapter heating (without adapter);

	Power Bank heating (without Power Bank);

	 

Package includes:

	1 Pair Of Heating Insole w/USB Cable (Power adapter not included)
	 

Note:

	1.Wash and care: Hand washing by water, after washing, should be dry completely then use.

	2.Washable insoles, it is recommended to buy more than one pair and you can take turns.

	3.Please allow 1-3CM differs due to manual measurement.

	4.Due to the different display and different light, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item. Thanks for your understanding.

	 












