https://www.banggood.com/190+85cm-Exercise-Mat-Non-slip-Pilates-Gym-Yoga-Treadmill-Bike-Protect-Floor-Walking-Pad-Mat-p-1636127.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
190*85cm Exercise Mat Non-slip Pilates Gym Yoga Treadmill Bike Protect Floor Walking Pad Mat







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















Specifications:
		Color: Black
		Material: NBR
		Size: 1900*850*4 mm/74.8*33.5*0.2 ''

Features:
		1. Upgraded, thickened mat, more durable and comfortable.
		2. Water resistance: non-absorbent, moisture-proof, good water resistance.
		3. Corrosion resistance: resistance to corrosion of seawater, grease, acids, alkalis and other chemicals, antibacterial, non-toxic, odorless, no pollution.
		4. Anti-vibration: high elasticity and anti-tension, strong toughness, with good shock/buffering performance.

Usage:
		1. can be used for professional fitness equipment shock pad treadmill mats and other dynamic cycling mats.
		2. maintain space environment. There are all kinds of grass clippings on the outdoor grass. Sitting directly on the lawn, these grass clippings will be covered with the whole body. Putting the items that you carry on the lawn directly on the grass will make it easy to get dirty and affect your mood. Placing a camping mat can block this.
		3. Camping mats protect the grass. The mesh structure of the camping mat gives it excellent air permeability. In a few square meters wide grass, the scope of human activities is also relatively small, so easy to trample on those growing grass, laying a camping pad can play a protective role.
		4. easy to carry and organize. Various kinds of foods are spread on the camping mats. After the camping, it is simple and convenient to pack these "residues". It is not necessary to look for destruction of vegetation or nature in the grass.
		5. Using environmental protection advanced eva high-temperature foaming, high rebound, moisture, cold, heat insulation, comfortable and beautiful. When photographing friends or when a family is out for a walk, it is necessary to have a rest on the lawn or the beach and eat out.
		6. is also suitable for cold and humid environment. Can be placed outdoors (park on the grass, on the tile floor, on the beach, etc.) for family picnics, fishing, large and seamless, insulation.

Package Included:
		1 x Exercise Equipment Mat

Notice:
		1. Please allow 1-3cm error due to manual measurement.Pls make sure you do not mind before you bid.
		2. The color may have different as the difference display,pls understand.






























