https://www.banggood.com/SGODDE-Men-Women-Windproof-Ski-Mask-Bike-Face-Mask-Bicycle-Skiing-Winter-Head-Scarves-p-1638552.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
SGODDE Men Women Windproof Ski Mask Bike Face Mask Bicycle Skiing Winter Head Scarves







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















Specification:




						Color

						Black 



						Net Weight

						150g Approx 



						Composition

						100% Terylene 



						Cold Resistant Index

						 -10 ℃ 



						Suitable for

						Within 65CM 





Feature:

1.COMPREHENSIVE PROTECTION OF HEAD AND NECK
	   It can be worn as a full face mask or cap.Thermo-active motorcycle balaclava, balaclava for skiing.Ideal as a universal protection under
	   any type of helmet. Protects well from frost and winter.

2.BREATHABLE DESIGN
	   Resistant, stretchy and breathable material. Adapts well to the head shape. Does not irritate the skin. Sutured a breathable fabric
	   in the location of the nose for breathability.

	   Honeycomb net + fleece

3.WINDPROOF AND WATERPROOF
	   The outer layer has a very good windproof and waterproof role. Especially suitable for cold winter use.Thermal and breathable,
	   The lining is thicker polar fleece, very warm, but the wearer does not feel too humid, because our balaclava has good breathability
	   and makes the balaclava to keep the right temperature.

4.UNIVERSAL-UNISEX SIZE
	   It has elastic, flat and non-squeezing seams, which greatly improves wearing comfort, fits any size head warm and provides the ultimate in winter
	   protection and comfort. The balaclava is ideally suited as a protective layer under any type of helmet.

5.MULTIFUNCTION
	   Keep warm for skiing, motorcycling, running, cycling, hiking, climbing, snowboarding, airsoft, paintball, hunting, tactical training, cycling
	   and other outdoor activities.Ultimate protection from the cold, wind, dust and UV rays of the sunheads Bundle. Perfect fit for ladies men.

	 

Package Included:

	1X Mask















