https://www.banggood.com/SGODDE-Portable-Mini-Bike-Pump-300PSI-Bicycle-Air-Inflation-High-Pressure-Multifunction-For-Mountain-Bike-Road-Bike-Basketball-Toy-Inflatable-p-1711849.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287853&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
SGODDE Portable Mini Bike Pump 300PSI Bicycle Air Inflation High Pressure Multifunction For Mountain Bike Road Bike Basketball Toy Inflatable







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:MaterialStainless steelMaximum pressure300PSISize18.4 x 6.4 x 5.5 cmWeight181gFeatures:Professional 300PSI Bike Pump for Fast Inflation: Compared to the traditional pump, SGODDE mini bicycle pump with the max pressure of 300PSI, can short half your time to inflate bike or sports balls greatly. By easily pulling and pushing the air lever. 300PSI Bike Pump is bigger and more efficient to work for you.Mini Body & Ultra Lightweight: Compact size, easy to carry. Weight: 180g; Size: 17cm . This bike pump is just about the size of a palm, which contains on the bicycle frame under the bottle holder with the bracket. This pump will be a great helper on your journey to make your journey unhindered.Compatibility: Presta & Schrader Valves: Easy switching between Presta and Schrader valves No adapter required. Rotate the pump nozzle for valves conversion. Instructions: Ensure the valve of tire is near the ground, and unscrew the tire valve cap. Choose the right valve on the bike pump, place the pump onto the tire valve, and begin to inflate tire. Remove the pump from the tire valve and refit the valve cap.Easy to Use: A 7-shaped design makes the pumping process smoother and more effortless. With fast pumping power and accurate inflation, you can reach the riding pressure with 30% less pump strokes than a conventional mini pump. This mini pump is made of superior quality aluminum alloy  with precise parts. Longer service life than plastic types, and enables a tight seal with no air leaks. It is built to last so you can have a safe and enjoyable ride.Package included:1 x Bike Pump1 x Pump Bracket1 x Ball Pump Needle2 x Bracket Screw




