https://www.banggood.com/BIKIGHT-Universal-Bike-Saddle-Comfort-Wide-Waterproof-Breathable-Memory-Foam-Replacement-Bike-Seat-for-Women-Man-Adult-Kids-p-1713904.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
BIKIGHT Universal Bike Saddle Comfort Wide Waterproof Breathable Memory Foam Replacement Bike Seat for Women Man Adult Kids







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:MaterialPU, EVASize25.5 x 18.9cmColorBlackWeight595gFeatures:Memory Sponge & Shockproof Dual spring: This bike saddle's whole seating area is filled with the memory sponge. The thickness of the memory sponge is up to 16mm which can improve comfort while riding. The shockproof double-spring rubber ball on the bottom of the bike seat makes this bike saddle can bear vibration and have more stable, strong shock absorption. Provide great support and better protection for you.Large Seating Area & Soft, Non-Slip, Wear-Resistant: 189mm wide Bike Seat Cushion, large seating area fits your hip better. The comfortable bike seat is upholstered by rebound memory foam padded, and the surface of the bicycle seat pad is non-slip and abrasion-resistant texture PU leather. It's durable well elastic and very soft, let you feel comfortable, it better protects your buttocks!Ergonomic & Hollow Breathable design: Use the OUTERDO bike saddle seat to enjoy healthy and happy long-distance driving! The front part of the bicycle seat won't affect your thigh's movement. You can move freely when riding. Hollow design enhanced breathability, providing airflow and comfort during long rides.Universal Design and Easy to Install: Rail Dimension: 7mm - Universal style. The bike seat is very easy to install and suitable for many kinds of bikes, such as road bikes, mountain bikes, professional road MTB. Designed for men, women, boys, girls, kids, etc. The bike seat is a good gift for your families or friends!High Quality Saddle, Professional Customer Service: The size of our comfortable bike seat is 25.5 x 18.9CM (L x W), Please confirm this bike seat cushion can fit your requirements before ordering. OUTERDO Bike Saddle comes with a 6-month satisfied service. If there is an issue about this product, please feel free to contact us first, we will try our best to solve it for you. Thank you purchase our bike saddle.Package included:1 x Bike Saddle




