https://www.banggood.com/SGODDE-27x26cm-Bike-Saddle-Memory-Foam-Comfort-Breathable-Reflective-Bicycle-Seat-for-MTB-Exercise-Bike-E-Bike-with-Waterproof-Cover-p-1713920.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=6287638&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
SGODDE 27x26cm Bike Saddle Memory Foam Comfort Breathable Reflective Bicycle Seat for MTB Exercise Bike E-Bike with Waterproof Cover







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:Size27x26cmColorBlack Weight180gFeatures:INCREDIBLE COMFORT: SGODDE bicycle seat is made of an upgrade material - memory foam for a pleasant touch and better protection of the hips. It is soft and comfortable, can absorb shock, effectively relieve pain, and better protect your buttocks. Which is more durable than other gel or normal foam bicycle covers.WITH REFLECTIVE STRIPS: Improved with highlighted reflective stripes on the back of the bike seat cover to improve safety performance at night. The size of our bicycle seat cushion is 10.63 x 9.84 x 1.37 inch (L * W * H). Fits the width of the bicycle seat in the range of 7.1-8.6 inches. Perfectly fits the saddle of outdoor bike, mountain bike, road bike, folding bike, exercise bike etc.NON-SLIP DESIGN, EASY INSTALLATION: With special design - reinforced drawstring design, non-slip leather, drawstring and 2 extra straps, simple and effective drawstring with cover held in place! You don't need any other tools, just slide the bike saddle cover onto the seat, secure the drawstring and straps to keep our exercise bike saddle cover in place, plus stable than the ordinary drawstring.BREATHABLE, REDUCES A WET AND HOT FEELING: The surface of this padded seat cover is  not leather fabric, quickly absorbs moisture, dries quickly and easily. The air deflection design in the middle of the saddle cover of the exercise bike accelerates air circulation, keeps the buttocks cool and dry, and does not put pressure on the genital area. Enjoy longer bike rides with family and friends!Package included:1 x Bike Saddle1 x Waterproof Cover




