https://www.banggood.com/COPOZZ-Full-Face-Scuba-Diving-Mask-Anti-Fog-Goggles-with-Camera-Mount-Underwater-Wide-View-Snorkel-Swimming-mask-for-Adult-Youth-p-1717724.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=62876206288296&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
COPOZZ Full Face Scuba Diving Mask Anti Fog Goggles with Camera Mount Underwater Wide View Snorkel Swimming mask for Adult Youth







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















﻿Specifications:BrandCOPOZZProduct NameWrapped snorkeling maskCombined equipmentMask + breathing tubeLens materialPCFrame materialPC + environmental protection silica gelUsersAdults - ChildrenFeatures:- Longer snorkel tube. Our snorkel tube is much longer than old version, so it is more easy to disassemble and smoother breathing.- Movable camera mount. Our camera stand of snorkel mask is adjustable and movable, you can free to adjust the height. While the camera mount of the old version is fixed there.- Liquid silicone. The scuba diving mask is made of liquid silicone, it is environmentally friendly and anti-allergic. While before version is made of normal silicone.- Full dry top technology.Original water stop system, stop water completely.- Naturally Breathing, the full face snorkel mask is much easier to use than the traditional one with the mouth piece pipe.- Larger Viewing Area. Full face snorkel mask let you get more out of their underwater adventures.- Adjustable elastic fabric headband, easy to wear and suitable for all kinds of head shape.- Easier than ever to breathe comfortably through your mouth or nose while you are snorkeling- Dual air flow design, breathing more smoothly, anyone who do not want to smoothly breath when diving. FAQ:1.What size do I need and would the small size be small enough to fit a child 14?Answer: Please check the length between the bridge of their nose and the chin then match it to the sizing chart image to determine the best fit. In general we've found kids 14 and up to be big enough for a small mask.2.How deep down can you go with this snorkel mask?Answer: Our snorkel mask is designed for surface snorkeling.3. Will it work if i have a beard?Answer: In general, the mask will perform best when you are clean-shaven. If there is some light facial hair you may experience some minor leaking, but the mask would still be usable.4. Does it fog up when you are wearing it?Answer: Our mask has some features that help with fogging if the seal around your nose is good. Also, if you use a non-abrasive toothbrush and toothpaste to wipe the inside of your mask and rinse with warm water it will help. I also recommend swishing anti-fog solution in your mask before each use. 5. Can I breathe through nose and mouth?Answer: Our snorkel mask makes it easier than ever to breathe comfortably through your mouth or nose while you are snorkeling.Package: Package included:1 x Snorkel Mask     1 x Soft Carry Bag1 x User Manual  1 Pair x Ear Plug   1 x Detachable Camera Mount (Not includes the Camera)




