https://www.banggood.com/33x28x25CM-Foldable-Bicycle-Front-Basket-Bike-Handlebar-Basket-Pet-Dog-Carrier-MTB-Road-Bike-Frame-Bag-p-1763669.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
33x28x25CM Foldable Bicycle Front Basket Bike Handlebar Basket Pet Dog Carrier MTB Road Bike Frame Bag







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















﻿Specifications: Model Number F65968Material Oxford Cloth + Aluminum Alloy Color Black Size 33x28x25cm/ 13" x 11" x 9.8"/ L x W x HPosition FrontFeature:- Made of a sturdy aluminium alloy frame, with a solid oxford fabric, a modern quick release handlebar adapter. - Wear-resistant, is safe even in the face of rain. The top is tightened with rope, so you don't have to worry about the items falling apart even if the road is bumpy. - Front bicycle basket can be used as a tote bag for shopping, pet cages, grocery shopping and outdoor baskets.Easy to carry pets for cycling, up to 500kg of pets or items.- We provide different thickness shims. The shims will help to install our bike basket to bicycles with different handlebar diameter. It supports handlebar diameter of 1.25" (31.8 mm), 1"(25.4mm) and 0.87"(22mm). Notice: The full height of the basket is about 10", please make sure the distance of the handlebar and tire is bigger than 10".Package Includes: 1 x Bike BasketNote:1.Please allow 1-3cm error due to manual measurement. Please make sure you do not mind before you bid.2.The colors may have different as the difference display, please understand.3.Instruction is included.Professional Installation Is Highly Recommended!!If you want to know how to use or install it,please contact us by Email.We will provide help as much as possible.




