https://www.banggood.com/EU-DirectOut-of-Stock-PreorderHANIWINNER-HA177-06-48V-10Ah-480Wh-Electric-Bike-Battery-Cells-Pack-E-bikes-Lithium-Li-ion-Battery-for-SAMEBIKE-PLENTY-Engwe-Electric-Bicycle-p-1812946.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
[EU Direct]【Out of Stock Preorder】HANIWINNER HA177-06 48V 10Ah 480Wh Electric Bike Battery Cells Pack E-bikes Lithium Li-ion Battery for SAMEBIKE PLENTY Engwe Electric Bicycle







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Recommend:If you need to purchase other parameters of motors or batteries, please click here.This battery is compatible with the electric bicycle model For NAKXUS 20F063/SAMEBIKE 20lvxd30 Lo26/KAISDA K1 K2 K3/PLENTY/DOHIKER/ENGWE EP-2 Pro/BEZIOR M20 M2 XF200/RICH BIT TOP-730/BEZIOR X500 Pro X1000/DOCROOUP DS2/ LANKELEISI X2000 Plus/BEZIOR X500 X1500/FIIDO M1 Pro/LAOTIE PX5 Engwe EP/2 Samebike PLENTY.Specifications:ModelHA177-06Rated Voltage 48VRated Capacity10AhBattery Power480WhMax Charge Voltage54.6VDischarge Cut-off Voltage39VMax. Charge Current5AStandard Discharge Current5AMax. Discharge Current(BMS)20AOver current protection70±20ASecurity lockYESNet weight3.2kgGross weight3.6kgBattery size430*45*105mmPacking size470*200*175mm   Operating TemperatureCharge0℃～45℃Discharge-10℃～60℃  StorageWithin a month0℃～45℃Within a month to three months5℃～40℃Within three months to one year10℃～35℃ ﻿Features:User-friendly Design: The light-weight design makes the battery easy to install and remove. Black hard plastic shell protects the battery effectively and LED battery level indicator can inform you of charging in time. The USB port can charge your phone and other devices in outdoor. Equipped with battery holder, just need to use the key to open the safe lock. Safe to Use: Built to the highest standards that has been tested. When the motor is overloaded, the system automatically switches off to protect the technical components against damage. The battery is fully sealed and designed to be using one day long, even on muddy roads. BMS Protection Board: The high quality battery is equipped with a 30A BMS protective plate, which prevent over charge, over discharge, over current and short circuit and ensure the long life expectancy.Stable and Durable: The input and output are more stable and its large capacity makes the service life of battery longer.Ergonomic Design and Widely Applicable: The electric bike battery pack has a mounting bracket that will mount to most water bottle screw holes in the frame. Compatible with 48V electric bikes, bicycles, mountain bikes and more. Package Contents:1* Battery with keys1* Battery install plate and wiresWarnings and Cautions in Using the Battery:To prevent a possibility of the battery from leaking, heating or explosion please observe the following precautions:- Do not immerse the battery in water, and keep the battery in a cool dry surrounding if it stands by.- Not use or leave the battery near a heat source as fire or heater.- Use the battery charger specifically for that purpose when recharging.- Do not reverse the position and negative terminals.- Do not connect the battery to an electrical outlet.- Do not discard the battery in fire or a heater.- Do not short-circuit the battery by directly connecting the positive and negative terminals with metal objects.- Do not transport or store the battery together with metal objects such as hairpins, necklaces, etc- Do not strikes, trample or throw the battery..- Do not directly solder the battery and pierce the battery with a nail or other sharp objects.- Do not use or leave the battery at high temperature (for example, at strong direct sunlight or in a vehicle in extremely hot weather). Otherwise, it can overheat or fire or its performance will be degenerate and its service life will be decreased.- Do not use the battery in a location where static electricity and magnetic field is great, otherwise, the safety devices may be damaged, causing hidden trouble of safety.- If the battery has leaked, and the electrolyte get into the eyes, do not rub the eyes, instead, rinse the eyes with clean water, and immediately look for medical attention. Otherwise, it may injure eyes.- If the battery gives off an odor, generates heat, becomes discolored or deformed, or in any way appear abnormal during use, recharging or storage, immediately remove it from the device or battery charger and stop using it- In case the battery terminals are dirty, clean the terminals with a dry cloth before use. Otherwise performance may occur due to the poor connection with the instrument.- Be aware discarded batteries may cause fire or explode, tape the battery terminals    to insulate them..- Battery charge as soon as possible after the battery is exhausted. Battery is not used for a long time, charge once every three months.




