https://www.banggood.com/EU-Direct-HANIWINNER-HA103-01-Electric-Bike-Battery-36V-10Ah-374_4Wh-Cells-Pack-E-bikes-Lithium-Li-ion-Battery-for-DYU-S2-or-D3+-or-D3F-Electric-Bicycle-p-1812967.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
[EU Direct] HANIWINNER HA103-01 Electric Bike Battery 36V 10Ah 374.4Wh Cells Pack E-bikes Lithium Li-ion Battery for DYU S2/D3+/D3F Electric Bicycle







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Recommend:If you need to purchase other parameters of motors or batteries, please click here.﻿Specifications:ModelHA103Rated Voltage 36VRated Capacity10AhBattery Power360WhMax Charge Voltage42VDischarge Cut-off Voltage27.5VMax. Charge Current	4A	Standard Discharge Current4AMax. Discharge Current(BMS)15AOver current protection60ASecurity lockNoCharge time3-4 HoursNet weight2.0kgGross weight2.3kgBattery size205*75*90mmPacking size240*140*115mm   Operating TemperatureCharge0℃～45℃Discharge-20℃～60℃  StorageWithin a month0℃～45℃Within a month to three months5℃～40℃Within three months to one year10℃～35℃  Package Contents:1* Battery with wires  Note:1. When charging the battery, please use the regular brand charger. The charging time should not exceed 6 hours.2. It is strictly forbidden to place batteries in water and in fire, so as to avoid getting close to the heat source. It is forbidden to use metal and conductive materials to plug in the charging and discharging interfaces.3. If you do not use the battery for a long time, please keep the battery power between 40% and 70%, it is recommended that the battery be charged every two months; otherwise, the battery may be damaged, and this irreversible damage is not within the warranty.4. Please keep these products and accessories properly and keep them away from children.5. Unauthorized self-repair and modification of parts may cause damage to the product and such man-made damage is not covered by the warranty. Warranty Serive:1. Thank you for purchasing our brand mobile power products, the company will provide you with six months since the date of purchase free warranty service.2. The scope of warranty: product quality problems under normal operation, the product warranty period of the company to provide product maintenance services; due to the use of the product caused by the same or loss, the company does not undertake joint liability. The product back to the factory after the detection and judgment, to provide free maintenance or replacement for the product itself fault, if it is determined that people damage or over the warranty period, the company can provide paid maintenance services to customer service, quote.3. The following will not enjoy the warranty service: the damage caused by improper use: such as the broken, the appearance is not normal wear, falls, circuit burned, extrusion deformation, the entry of foreign matter, and any other visible damage; users for their own reasons, such as: unauthorized modification, improper use, improper operation, water damage. High temperature damage caused; due to irresistible factors, such as earthquake, flood, fire, hurricane or war etc. Warnings and Cautions in Using the BatteryTo prevent a possibility of the battery from leaking, heating or explosion please observe the following precautions:l Do not immerse the battery in water, and keep the battery in a cool dry surrounding if it stands by.l Not use or leave the battery near a heat source as fire or heater.l Use the battery charger specifically for that purpose when recharging.l Do not reverse the position and negative terminals.l Do not connect the battery to an electrical outlet.l Do not discard the battery in fire or a heater.l Do not short-circuit the battery by directly connecting the positive and negative terminals with metal objects.l Do not transport or store the battery together with metal objects such as hairpins, necklaces, etcl Do not , trample or throw the battery..l Do not directly solder the battery and pierce the battery with a nail or other sharp objects.l Do not use or leave the battery at high temperature (for example, at strong direct sunlight or in a vehicle in extremely hot weather). Otherwise, it can overheat or fire or its performance will be degenerate and its service life will be decreased.l Do not use the battery in a location where static electricity and magnetic field is great, otherwise, the safety devices may be damaged, causing hidden trouble of safety.l If the battery has leaked, and the electrolyte get into the eyes, do not rub the eyes, instead, rinse the eyes with clean water, and immediately medical attention. Otherwise, it may injure eyes.l If the battery gives off an odor, generates heat, becomes discolored or deformed, or in any way appear abnormal during use, recharging or storage, immediately remove it from the device or battery charger and stop using itl In case the battery terminals are dirty, clean the terminals with a dry cloth before use. Otherwise performance may occur due to the poor connection with the instrument.l Be aware discarded batteries may cause fire or explode, tape the battery terminals    to insulate them..l Battery charge as soon as possible after the battery is exhausted. Battery is not used for a long time, charge once every three months.l Packing: decided by Shenzhen Hani Energy Technology Co. Ltd.l The specification of the final interpretation of Shenzhen Hani Energy Technology Co. Ltd.




