https://www.banggood.com/SGODDE-Pull-Up-Bar-Horizontal-Bar-Portable-Multifunctional-Indoor-Wall-Mounted-Non-Skid-Safety-Pullup-Bar-p-1819374.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=513872&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
SGODDE Pull Up Bar Horizontal Bar Portable Multifunctional Indoor Wall Mounted Non-Skid Safety Pullup Bar







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















﻿Specifications:BrandSGODDEMaterialHigh quality Steel; Engineering Plastic; PVC Non-slip Rubber Gasket; Foam HandleWeight1.76kgProduct Size29.14 x 3.54 x 2.36 inchPackage Size29.37 x 3.661 x 2.44 inchFeatures:【EASY TO USE and SAFETY】 Door frame pull up bar uses leverage but not drilling or screws to hold against the doorway, so there is no damage to door. 28.3-37.4 inches wide door frame has the best load-bearing effect,the maximum safe length is 43.3 inches. Flexible adjustment to attach to any standard doorways. You can cost little for bodybuilding to increases muscle mass and burn calories at your own house.【VERSATILE TO ENHANCE UPPER BODY STRENGTH】The bar can be used as a doorway pull up bar or turned over to perform situps, push-ups, chin-ups,and dips,target multiple upper body & core muscles. Perfect for working out your backs, shoulder, chest, arms, triceps, biceps, last, and the front of your abs.【HEAVY DUTY CONSTRUCTION】 Thickened high grade steel pipe that's built to last, and holds up to 220 pounds. Double Lock catch and fixed position base prevent dangerous rotation loosening. Professional anti-skid mats, larger and wider for wider contact area, sturdy and safe.【COMFORTABLE GRIP】Soft touch with thicker absorbent foam outer and tear-resistant lining. 6 non-slip grip positions comfortably perform wide, narrow and neutral-grip exercise. Multi-point lamination for tight adhesion.【BEST GIFT】Pull up bar is absolutely the best fitness gift for the most active guys you know, you don't need to go to the gym, turns any doorway into a personal gym. You could exercise at home whenever you want. And please pay attention not to use it on fragile door frame. Package Included: 1 x Pull Up Bar1 x User Manual




