https://www.banggood.com/500W-48V-26-inch-Rear-Wheel-Motor-Hub-Kit-Electric-Bike-Conversion-Kit-with-Controller-E-Brake-Levers-Twist-Throttle-Grips-LCD-Display-p-1874406.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
500W 48V 26" Rear Wheel Motor Hub Kit Electric Bike Conversion Kit with Controller E-Brake Levers Twist Throttle Grips LCD Display







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:MaterialNylon tire+alloy +stainless steel dpokeHub motorBrushless gear hub motor for 36VWattage500WRimDouble-wall aluminium alloy rimTorque30-40NMMax. SpeedAbout 40-50km/hSuit for26inch BicycleFeatures:1. Aluminum alloy powerful controller requires 36V voltage, built to get high accuracy and high reliability.2. Includes super power brushless gearless hub motor, can be easily mounted on the rear wheel place.3. Nylon tire+alloy +stainless steel spoke, all adopts high quality material, wear‑resistance and corrosion‑resistance, durable to use.4. throttle has power‑cut off function, brake Levers cut off the power supply to the motor safely.5. Crank speed sensor for pedal assist, LCD display shows battery level and pedal assistance settings.6. This electric bicycle conversion kit is manufactured to international standards, complete suite for better performance.How to Use:Pedal Assistance system:Removing the the pedal crank arm and gasket(right or left). Place the gasket into the axle and secure it in position using gasket (your bike's own) or superglue. Pay attention to the direction of arrowhead.The brake lever is only intended for cutting off motor power supply. You need to connect your brake lines to the brake lever to get a better braking effect. Ensure the iron buckle is closed.Wheel Installation:Installation of the tube motor is the same as that of the hub motor.Please remove the front wheel or rear wheel on your bicycle with a wrench in .1. Confirm the rotation direction of the wheel and install the wheel into your bike frame. Push down the wheel to make sure that the wheel axle is locked tightly into frame,2. Tighten the bolts and make sure it is very tight. This is for safety reasons and this is a very key step to build a good Electric Bike. The torsion of the motor is very powerful, which is why you must make sure the bolts are tight enough to handle it.3. Install the plastic back to the wheel axle.Throttle and Brake:Remove the original handlebar grips and brake lever on your bicycle before you carry out the installation for the throttle.1. Side the brake lever to the handle of your bicycle.2. Secure the brake lever with a L wrench.3. Slide the throttle to the handle of your bicycle and the secure it with a L wrench4. Connect the bike brake line to the new brake lever s iron buckle. After that, make sure the iron buckle is closed. The throttle is installed on the right side of the bike, using 3 mm wrench tightened.Package included:1 x Motor Wheel Hub (48V 500W)1 x Control Box1 x LCD Display1 x Bike Frame Bag1 x Pair E-Brake Levers1 x Pair Twist Throttle+ Grips1 x Thumb Turner1 x Thumb Turner1 x Manual




