https://www.banggood.com/LLANO-Smart-Timer-6-Modes-LCD-Digital-Stopwatch-Multifuction-Magnetic-Electronic-Countdown-Study-Fitness-Cooking-p-1913940.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
LLANO Smart Timer 6 Modes LCD Digital Stopwatch Multifuction Magnetic Electronic Countdown Study Fitness Cooking







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specification:BrandLLANOColorSilverDisplayLCDMaterialABSBatteryLi-ion battery(included)Volume5 levelsEndurance6 monthsPackage specification41*47*45cmTimer weight52gFeatures:1. Creative Cube Design: Ticktime timer has 6 preset timing modules, 3/5/10/15/25/30 minutes. Flip any side up freely to quickly switch to the countdown mode of the corresponding period, quick start countdown and convenient to use, which saves your time. Unique cube design, novel and interesting, make you fall in love with time management.2. Timing Mode: LLANO cube timer support dual mode-counting and countdown, the maximum time is 99:59. Besides the 6 preset countdowns, there is also a custom countdown function, which can be very flexible and effective to meet your different countdown needs.3. Efficiently Manage Your Time: The Pomodoro timer perfect for daily study, fitness yoga, work meetings, kitchen cooking, etc. This timer is widely used and suitable for all aspects of your life, allowing you to better control your time without wasting any minute and second.4. Clear Display & Adjustable Volume: Our timer for kids adopts HD LCD digital screen, with clear interface display, making it easier for you to read the time, volume, battery level and other information. 5 levels of volume adjustable, so you can choose the suitable volume according to different occasions to meet your different needs.5. Compact & Durable: 41*47*45mm compact size and 52g light weight, palm-sized, easy to put in your pocket, more portable. This ticktime will help you efficiently use and manage your time. Made of electroplating grade ABS material, smooth texture, the material is non-slip and wear-resistant, more durable and long-lasting. Please charge for 3-5 hours before the first use to ensure that the product has sufficient power.Package included:1* LLANO timer1*USB cable




