https://www.banggood.com/BOER-1PCS-Double-Strap-Knee-Support-Patella-Tendon-Brace-Stabilizer-Relieve-Pain-Belt-Sport-Protection-Lightweight-Knee-Pressure-Tape-p-1935332.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=556276&rmmds=CategorySportsPop
BOER 1PCS Double Strap Knee Support Patella Tendon Brace Stabilizer Relieve Pain Belt Sport Protection Lightweight Knee Pressure Tape







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:MaterialPolyesterColourBlackSuitable sceneSports fitnessQuantity1PCSFeatures:1. RELIEF FROM KNEE PAIN: If you are suffering from knee pain, doing any kind of exercise, or even a walk, seems like a big task. This knee strap provides a way to do exercise without worrying about the knee pain.2. COMFORTABLE AND STRONGER SUPPORT: Carefully designed and made of unique material, our knee strap is soft and breathable, fits the skin perfectly during exercise, and provides more comfortable support for the knee. It's your ideal choice for support to reduce pain during movement to keep you doing what you love to do！3. HIGH QUALITY & DURABLE: We has combined the newest technology with highest quality materials.This knee strap is made up of high-quality materials which gives it longer life and makes it durable. This strap is made of high-quality & polyester which makes it light & soft, so you don't feel any weight on your knees.Ergonomicaly designed with silica pad,effectively fit patella configurations, reduce patellar wear and weak knee joints.4. ONE SIZE FITS MOST: You can share this great product with your loved ones or friends.Perfect gift for someone you knew who needs this without asking them their sizes, it would be a lovely surprise! It can be worn on the right or left knee, directly on skin, or over leggings, pants, compression knee sleeves. Dual patella knee brace fits 30cm-46cm/12'' - 18'' knee (measure above the center of the knee cap).Package included:1x Patella Knee Strap




