1520814
https://imgaz2.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/02/A9/3758da5f-00e3-4bea-abfa-96e0b7994b8b.jpg
Drillpro Upgraded Multi-purpose Double Feather Board for Router Table Saws Miter Gauge Slot
https://www.banggood.com/Drillpro-Upgraded-Multi-purpose-Double-Feather-Board-for-Router-Table-Saws-Miter-Gauge-Slot-p-1520814.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















Description:

	Material: PP

	Thickness: 16mm

	Width: 165mm

	Adjustable Length: 120mm; 160mm

	Total Length: 210mm

	Features: accurate scale, easy to operate

	Uses: woodworking tool

	 

Quantity: 

	2x Feather board

	4x Plastic slider 

	2x Thickened pad

	4x Thin pad

	4x M6 lock nut

	2x T-type M6-70 screw

	2x M6-70 White lock screw

	4x T-type M6-40 screw

	4x M6-40 white lock screw

	 

Features:

	- This featherboard is a very professional woodworking tool that can be used for flip engraving machines, electric circular saws, table saws, band saws, etc.

	- It is mainly used for material fixing. In the feeding process of table saw or flip-chip engraving machine, with this practical gadget, you can better control the direction of the wood to prevent uneven cutting, or a sudden back slip situation because the moving material is not parallel to the fence plate, makes your operation safer and more precise.

	- Using high-quality plastic materials and exquisite manufacturing technology, our featherboard is not only light in weight, but also very wear-resistant and has a long service life. You don't have to worry about that it might be damaged easily during the usage.

	- The weight of the product is only about 400g, and the package weight is only 760g, so our feather board is very easy to carry and convenient for your operation.

	- Featherboard kit is quipped with very complete accessories (two pieces of featherboard, four plastic sliders, two thick pads, four thin pads, four M6 lock nuts, two M6-70 T-screws, two M6-70 white lock screw, four M6-40 T-screws, four M6-40 white lock screws ), in order to meet your different use requirements.

	- Accurate scale, simple installation steps, make your work more precise, simpler.

	 

Package Included:

1 x Router Table Featherboard set (With Parts and accessories)

	 

Notice: 

	1.Please allow a bit error due to manual measurement. please make sure you do not mind before you bid.

	2.Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item.

	 

More Details:


























