1901303
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/71/FD/b685146c-8a0f-46d0-a81e-8bc219a324a1.jpg
SCULPFUN S9 Laser Module Laser Head For Laser Engraver Laser Engraving Machine Laser Cutter Wood Acrylic Cutting Tools
https://www.banggood.com/SCULPFUN-S9-Laser-Module-Laser-Head-For-Laser-Engraver-Laser-Engraving-Machine-Laser-Cutter-Wood-Acrylic-Cutting-Tools-p-1901303.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















﻿﻿Main Feature:1. Widely compatible design: The SCULPFUN laser module has a clever and widely compatible structural connection device, which can be well adapted to different laser engraving machines, laser cutting machines, 3D printers, CNC milling machines, etc. It can be installed on a variety of brand machines, such as SCULPFUN, ATOMSTACK, ORTUR laser engraving machine, or other DIY type machines.2.  90W effect laser beam shaping technology: S9 uses the latest 5.5W laser beam shaping technology ,the effect of this technique is to get a super-high-density energy laser beam , it is more than just a focus, the entire beam is very thin. It has an ultra-fine 0.06mm sharp laser focus, with super cutting penetration and precision, he can cut up to 15mm thick wood, 10mm acrylic, carve ceramics and stainless steel, this is almost beyond the effect of 90W CO2 laser.3. Fast fixed focus design: The S9 laser module has the fastest focusing design on the market. It combines a fixed focus lens and a sliding design. You only need to slide the laser and tighten the screws to complete focusing. This makes the use of the laser very simple. Using it on different machines does not affect its sliding fixed focusing function.4. Circle eye protection cover design: The laser filter cover filters 98% of the ultraviolet light to the eyes. You and the people around you can watch laser engraving from all angles without wearing goggles. At the same time, it can prevent animals from catching the laser spot.5. General 12V/PWM modulation board: It uses a common 12V/PWM modulation board, which can be adapted to common GRBL or CNC motherboards. You can view product pictures for details.Product information:Product model: SCULPFUN S9 Laser module Applicable machines: laser engraving machines such as SCULPFUN, ATOMSTACK, ORTUR, ELEKSMAKER, or DIY 3D printers, CNC machine tools.Engraving materials: paper, paper, cardboard, plastic, white, PCB board, alumina, stainless steel, black metal, ceramicCutting material: thin board, acrylic board, cardboard, non-woven fabric, bamboo, some plastic board;Laser effect power:Cutting effect similar to 90W CO2 laserLaser output power: 5.5-6W (light energy)Laser wave length 455±5nmLaser type and fixed focus method: fixed focus laser, fixed focus through 20mm measuring columnLaser protective cover: the ring-shaped violet filter cover protects the user's eyes and prevents animals, etc. from contacting the laser spot.Laser shell material: aluminum alloyLaser circuit board parameters:Circuit Board Size: 40*40mmCircuit Board:12V/PWM modulation boardInput voltage: 12VMax Input of laser module:12V 3AWire Rod:HY2.0, 3Pin terminal (3-core cable, A: PWM +, B: GND, C: VCC ).Fan:12V 0.15A 4020 fanFan speed: 10000 rpmOperating temperature: -20 ℃ to 70 ℃Package weight: 0.5kgPacking size: 11*12*18cmS9 Laser Module packing list:Laser head*1Multi-function structural connection device *120mm measuring column*1Screws and tool kit*1Precautions:●For detailed machine instructions, please refer to the manual for parameter settings.●Before installing and using the laser, you should understand the adaptability and the maximum input voltage and current to avoid damage to the laser.●Do not touch the laser with your hands, otherwise you may burn your hands.●Please avoid strong impact on the machine.●It is forbidden for children under 14 years old to use this product. Children over 14 years old need adult supervision.●Do not apply the laser directly to any specular reflection object, which may cause injury to the operator or burn the laser.﻿





