1921208
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/9E/BD/592ae026-c226-4a00-808c-5cd7dcde7a9b.jpg
VEIKO Aluminum Alloy Sharpening Jig Adjustable Replacement Tool With Internal Lock Washers For 6/8 Inch Bench Grinders
https://www.banggood.com/VEIKO-Aluminum-Alloy-Sharpening-Jig-Adjustable-Replacement-Tool-With-Internal-Lock-Washers-For-6-or-8-Inch-Bench-Grinders-p-1921208.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:VEIKO Aluminum Alloy Sharpening Jig Adjustable Replacement Tool With Internal Lock Washers For 6/8 Inch Bench GrindersMaterialAluminum AlloySize150*65*155mmMain body expansion range0-155mmAccommodate the thickness of the chisel0-20mmApplicable bench grinders size6/8 InchFeatures:1.Be used with 6" or 8" bench grinders and on many belt sanders/grinders. It quickly and easily mounts directly to the bench in front of the grinder with a track style base and can be readily folded out of the way for freehand grinding if so desired. It can also be completely removed by loosening the large wing knob and sliding the jig from the track base.2.The Adjustable Replacement Tool Rest Sharpening Jig will allow you to locate all the basic sharpening positions with your bench grinder (grinder not included). 3.The unique miter slide tool holder design allows the jig to be used more or less as a stone, which easily guides your blades, turning tools and chisels. Solid aluminum construction provides you with a smooth sliding, side to side action when sharpening.4.Jig can be adjusted forward and backward for just the right angle. The platform straddles wheels up to 1" wide. The Jig also now includes internal lock washer for even more stability.5.The unique ratcheting handles lock the adjustable rest solidly in position and can be moved out of the way after locking to keep from accidentally bumping them. You can easily move the tool rest from one grinder wheel to another or quickly remove it from the bench when not needed for grinding. Some assembly required. The bench top wood mounting screws are included.Package Included:1XSharpening Jig





