1934417
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/69/32/488eda5e-376e-4a9d-aeb4-1d65d8ddc40c.jpg
SCULPFUN Laser Rotary Roller for S9 Laser Engraver Y-axis Roller 360 degree Rotating for 6-150mm Engraving Diameter 4 raise feet for Cylindrical Objects fit S6 S6 PRO
https://www.banggood.com/SCULPFUN-Laser-Rotary-Roller-for-S9-Laser-Engraver-Y-axis-Roller-360-degree-Rotating-for-6-150mm-Engraving-Diameter-4-raise-feet-for-Cylindrical-Objects-fit-S6-S6-PRO-p-1934417.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Main feature:1. 100% pre-assembled, plug and play: the machine is 100% installed in the package, equipped with an adapter cable, and only needs to be connected to the Y-axis  wiring of the laser engraving machine to engrave Cylindrical objects, such as pens, water bottle, etc.2. Huge engraving space and 4 raising feet: SCULPFUN roller base design is lower and stable, and equipped with 4 sturdy metal raising feet, so that it has a larger engraving diameter of 6-150mm, which can meet more engravings. need. Metal feet are more solid than plastic feet, and the machine is more stable when engraving.3. Sliding space adjustment: SCULPFUN roller adjusts the size of the space between the two rubber rollers by sliding, and fixes the roller by handscrew, which is simpler and faster than the traditional multi-stage fixing hole adjustment.4. 100% original scale high-precision engraving: SCULPFUN roller adopts high friction 70A rubber shaft to prevent slipping, and the linear speed of the rotating surface has been precisely calculated. Directly plug in the engraving machine cable to engrave the original image in 100% original scale. Does not enlarge or reduce the image.5. Wide compatibility: SCULPFUN roller is suitable for multiple engraving software such as lightburn or laserGRBL, and it can be used directly , no need to set parameters in software. In addition, it can be applied to 95% of the engraving machines on the market such as SCULPFUN, NEJE, Ortur, ATOMSTACK, etc.6. Free useful accessories: a free soft ruler to measure the size of object; 4 free raising feet, which can be used to increase the height of a variety of machines.Product model: SCULPFUN Rotary RollerProduct introduction:How to use: Take out the original Y-axis motor cable of the laser engraving machine, plug into SCULPFUN Rotary Roller , and you can start using it. There is no need to set parameter in software, because the surface linear speed of the roller is the same as the original Y-axis speed.Available engraving space: cylinder diameter 6-150mm, cylinder length 0-230mmCompatible software: Lightburn, LaserGRBL, Benbox, GrblController, L1teFire, etc. There is no need to set up software because the surface linear ve1ocity of the roller is the same as the original Y-axis ve1ocity.Compatible machines: suitable for all GRBL motherboard types of engraving machines, including SCULPFUN, Ortur, NEJE, ATOMSTACK and other engraving machines.Adjustment of shaft spacing: The shaft spacing can be adjusted steplessly by sliding, and it can be fixed by hand-tightening screws.Product packaging :Product Size: 27x22x5cmProduct packaging size: 34*25*9cmProduct packaging weight: 1.5KGSCULPFUN Laser Rotary Roller packing list:1× Roller device1× A Type wiring1× B Type wiring4× raise feet1× screw bag1× soft ruler1× user manual





