https://www.banggood.com/Nursery-Grafting-Stretchable-Tape-Self-Adhesive-For-Garden-Tree-Seedling-2cm6cm80m-p-1286132.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Nursery Grafting Stretchable Tape Self-Adhesive For Garden Tree Seedling 2cm×6cm×80m







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specification
	Material: PE

Size: 2cm x 6cm/0.8'' x 2.4''

Color: Transparent

	 

Features:

a Made by thin high-tensile strength, stretchable, self-adhesive, biodegradable polyethylene.

b Very durable,will not break easily, waterproof, but by the breathable polyethylene material.

c Suitable for Grafting tree, foristry etc.

	 

Instructions on how to do grafting :

a)After you have selected a good scion(1 year old, w/at least 2 sections of joint above) & cut it (wipe grafting knife with alcohol) to perfect fit to rootstock (canbium layer must be contacted well), tying with nursery tape or rubber.

	 

b)Apply this enviromental friendly grafting tape over the grafting area, overlap 3 to 4 times, make sure it is tight(air tight: prevent water, bacteria or any other disease from getting into grafting area). Also apply tree seal to cover any new-cut expose area(to prevent infection), included the scion's top cut point, sealed the cut, will prevent the "die-back" effect, this is very important!

	 

c)Cover the grafting area with clear plastic bag(spray some filtered water into inner bag area, to keep moisture inside, (NO SPRAY WATER AT GRAFTING AREA). If there is direct sunlight over the grafting area, use brown paper lunch bag to cover it for protection.

	 

d)After 3 weeks, if the scion still look pretty greenish, then it is a great chance that you will see the new bud coming out from scion in 4 to 8 weeks depends on temperature.


Package Included:

1pc x 80m Grafting Tape
		 




























	 

	 

	 

	 

	 




