https://www.banggood.com/20PcsSet-12mm-Stainless-Steel-Advertisement-Nails-Stone-Wall-Mount-Glass-Sign-Standoff-Bolt-Pin-Fixing-Screw-Kits-for-Artwork-Sign-Displaying-p-1528506.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=514321&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
20Pcs/Set 12mm Stainless Steel Advertisement Nails Stone Wall Mount Glass Sign Standoff Bolt Pin Fixing Screw Kits for Artwork Sign Displaying 







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:
The 20Pcs/Set advertisement nails are suitable for glass sign, acrylic sign, indoor and outdoor advertising boards, photos and so on, good choice for office, supermarkets, shops, bedroom and so on, not only beautiful but also practical.  
 
Specification:
Material: Stainless Steel
Color: Silver  
Diameter: 12mm
Overall Length: 20/25/30/40/50mm

Features:
1. Durable and sturdy. Made of Stainless steel, the standoff screws are strong and durable, not easy to get corrode and get rust, support for you to use for long-lasting usage.
2. Easy to use. Each standoff screw is equipped with the install screws and wall anchors, rubber spacers are provided to connect with the installed sign, easy for you to install, which can protect your signs against scratches.
3. The wall standoffs screws are suitable for glass sign, acrylic sign, indoor and outdoor advertising boards, photos and so on, good choice for office, supermarkets, shops, bedroom and so on, not only beautiful but also practical.

Package Included:
1 x 20Pcs/Set Advertisement Nails (The Same Length)
 
More Details:

























