https://www.banggood.com/OUTERDO-40M-Mist-Cooling-Irrigation-System-Micro-Drip-Irrigation-Kit-Garden-Patio-Plant-Watering-Kit-Automatic-Flow-p-1537233.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
OUTERDO 40M Mist Cooling Irrigation System Micro Drip Irrigation Kit Garden Patio Plant Watering Kit Automatic Flow







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Features:

	1. Suit for all faucet -Comes with 2 types of threaded faucet connector.One is threaded fausecet connector(with a cover). It is suitable for 1/2 threaded faucet and 3/4 threaded faucet. Another one is an universal faucet connector,suitable for non-threaded faucet.

	2. Independent switch&40 Meters Hose - You can stop/continue watering your plants by rotating knobs of the 2-way connector or rotating the switches of drippers and nozzles.And the water flow of each drip emitter head can be individually adjusted.40 -meter long hose is very suitable and convenient for your gardens.

	3. Save Your Time and Water - Normal tap water can be used directly. It can automatic irrigation when you turn on the faucet and can save up to 70% water.It is asy to assemble and disassemble and has long service life.

	4. Applications - Flowers, Plants, Bonsai And Potted fruit, For Family Homes, Hotels, Clubs, Offices patios, greenhouses, gardens, lawns And Other Plants Of Intelligent Care.

	 

Using tips:

	Please connect the drippers/sprays to the hose as deep as you can so that they will not get blown off.

	Soak the end of the tubing in hot water for a minute, It will be easier to set up them together. After it cools down the tube will stay tight.

	To get the water flow for the far sprayers, please balance the flow rate for all the drippers --- rotate the near drippers to small value, rotate the far drippers to the maximum value.

	 

Package Included:

	1 x 2-way connector

	1 x sealing tap

	1 x 1/2"-3/4" Tap

	1 x universal adapter

	2 x 4/7 plug

	2 x quick connector

	15 x atomizing nozzle

	15 x flat tee

	15 x 4/7 Barb

	15 x 4/7 barb coupling

	20 x adjustable dripper

	35 x T-connector

	35 x fixed stem

	40m x PVC tube

























