https://www.banggood.com/Smart-Cylinder-Lock-European-Style-Electronic-Door-Lock-Digital-Keypad-Code-RFID-Card-Keyless-Lock-For-Home-Hotel-Apartment-p-1649806.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=44399&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Smart Cylinder Lock European Style Electronic Door Lock Digital Keypad Code RFID Card Keyless Lock For Home Hotel Apartment







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















	 

Specification:

	standard: European Standard 30/30,35/35,40/40, 60/40,75/40

	Unlock: RFID Smart Card / Password /Key

	Color: Silver/Black

	Battery Type: AAA Battery

	Battery Replacement: Replaceable

	Materials: 304 Stainless Steel + Aluminum + Plastic

	Waterproof Grade: IP44

	Automatic Lock: Yes

	Adjustable Door Lock Time: Yes

	Low Battery Reminder Function: Yes

	Working Temperature: -30-60 degree

	 

Scramble Passcode:

Aryclic Touch Keypad

	Password support 4-8 digitals

	Support the Anti-Peeping Virtual Password enter, Input the random passcode before or after the correct password, This makes your door much secured.

	 

Mechanical Key Unlock

	Mechanical key & External power supply interface as spare in case the batteries is dead.

	 

Long Life Battery Caring

	The Smart lock is an advanced smart lock offering Airbnb integration and high-tech automated features. The automatic lock feature can adjust the time for the ultimate security setting. The long life battery ensures the quality utilizing. With the easy getting change of batteries, it saves up and be more convenient when power off.

	 

How To Install:

	●Simply use a hex screwdriver to install in 3 minutes

	●No breaking the door or change the door body

	 

Measurement:

	C001A will fit on any door with a thickness of 55-105mm with an industry-standard deadbolt bore hole that is 2-1/8" in diameter. Each lock comes with rubber spacers to help create the most secure fit. The dimensions are included in the diagram below to show the actual size.

	 

Suitable Cylinder Types

	Our European standard smart lock always suits for deadbolt and doorknob as shown in the “mark” symbol. You are ready to go and install it to replace your existing locks, simply change the new lock with our detail instruction.

	 

Package list:

	1 × a lock cylinder 

	1 × a hex screwdriver 

	1 × a page of Installation Guide

	2 × mechanical Key

	3 ×  RFID cards





