https://www.banggood.com/Bar-Set-7-Piece-Solid-Reclaimed-Wood-Multicolour-p-1863231.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Bar Set 7 Piece Solid Reclaimed Wood Multicolour







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















This retro-style wooden bar set oozes an industrial charm and will make a timeless addition to your home. The bar table and chairs are made of solid reclaimed wood that has been sourced from joists, floors and support beams from old buildings being demolished, and can consist of different types of wood like pine, teak, beech, oak, cedar, mango wood, acacia, etc. This means the reclaimed wood retains the characteristics of these different types of wood. Reclaimed wood is already aged, weathered and dried, so it doesn't shrink or bend. The beautiful wood grains make every piece of furniture unique and slightly different from the next. Signs of wear and visible grain structure also give the set its own history and a unique look. Every step of the process is carried out with the great care, be it polishing, painting or lacquering. The steel frame ensures the set's sturdiness and stability as well as contributes to its industrial style. The footrests add to the seating comfort. Assembly is easy. Delivery includes 1 bar table and 6 bar chairs. Important note: colors vary from piece to piece, making each of our items unique; the delivery is random.Material: Solid reclaimed wood + powder-coated steelTable dimensions: 59.1" x 27.6" x 42.1" (L x W x H)Chair dimensions: 17.7" x 14.1" x 39" (W x D x H)Seat width: 13.8" Seat depth: 11.8" Seat height from ground: 29.1" Polished, painted and lacqueredEasy to assembleDelivery includes 1 bar table and 6 bar chairs




