https://www.banggood.com/2Pcs-80-150N-Hydraulic-Gas-Strut-Lift-Support-Gas-Pressure-Spring-Damper-for-Kitchen-Cupboard-Bookcases-Door-Hinges-p-1863285.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6268871&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
2Pcs 80-150N Hydraulic Gas Strut Lift Support Gas Pressure Spring Damper for Kitchen Cupboard Bookcases Door Hinges







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:- The kitchen cabinet is not practical to take out the dishes, it always turns off automatically? Just to be shut down? Conventional spring clips are not durable?- Open cupboards are easy to get dirty? It is not practical to close the door and take out the books.- An essential product for a simple life. Do not miss it !!! 80-150N Hydraulic Gas Strut Lift Support Gas Pressure Spring- Applied to all types of wooden and aluminum door frames, quiet and soft when the door is closed.- The piston cylinder of the gas cylinders is filled with inert gas - nitrogen, which has a strong pressure capacity, is stable and safe.Features:【PARAMETERS】: Length of gas spring --- 280 mm (when attaching accessories) 262 mm (no accessories installed) extended / 190 mm retracted, pressure: 100N.【SAFE】: Metal mounting washer, with the housing contact area was large, three-point positioning, installation more secure.【LOAD】: Piston cylinder connected with connecting rod, load stronger and more solid.【STABLE】: Piston cylinder filled with inert gas - nitrogen, compressibility, stable and safe. The cylinder of the gas piston may only be used with objects of 100 N. Please note that the weight of the corresponding door does not exceed 10 kg.【INSTALLATION】: The gas spring must be installed correctly, i.e. it must be able to move beyond the center line of the construction when closed, otherwise the gas spring often automatically pushes the door open. Installation with screws (included) makes installation easier. The surface of the gas pressure spring must not be damaged.Application:- Gas struts support your cabinets, cabinets, etc. so that you can quickly remove the objects.- Suitable for cabinets, furniture doors, top doors and for all types of wooden and aluminum door frames.- Suitable for kitchen, bedroom, living room, office and office. - Make your life easier and faster.Copper hydraulic oil seal*The gas spring is made of copper hydraulic oil seal technology, which has good sealing effect and long service life.Durable and wear-resistant material*Meet 80,000 opening and closing standards. Give a real life of high quality.Solid design*Gas damper adopts solid design, has stronger supporting force, does not deform easily, and does not rust easily.Piston cylinder filled with inert gas - nitrogen, compressibility, stable and safe.Metal mounting plate*The metal mounting plate of gas spring has the characteristics of a large contact area, three-point positioning and a more solid installation.Package Included:2 x gas pressure spring2 x mounting washers2 x piston cylinders10x screwsMore Details:




