https://www.banggood.com/9-Piece-Outdoor-Dining-Set-Poly-Rattan-White-p-1887851.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
9 Piece Outdoor Dining Set Poly Rattan White







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















This rattan dining set has an elegant, contemporary design and will be a great choice for al fresco dining or relaxing in the garden. Made of weather-resistant and waterproof PE rattan, the dining set is easy to clean, hard-wearing and suitable for daily use. The powder-coated steel frames make the table and chairs strong and sturdy. The tabletopp and the armrests are made of acacia wood, a tropical hard wood, which is weather resistant. Thanks to their lightweight construction, all items are easy to move. The thick, soft, foam-filled seat cushions are highly comfortable and made of water-repellent polyester. The cushion covers with zips can be easily removed and washed. This furniture set is easy to assemble. Note: we recommend covering the set in the rain, snow and frost.Color: White and black(cushion)Material: PE (polyethylene) rattan, powder-coated steel, solid acacia woodCushion material: 100% polyesterTable dimensions: 74.8" x 35.4" x 29.5" (L x W x H)Chair dimensions: 22.8" x 22.8" x 34.6" (W x D x H)Seat width: 16.5"Seat depth: 18.5"Seat height from the ground: 16.5"Armrest height from the ground: 24"Cushion thickness: 2"Cushion cover removableAssembly required: YesDelivery contains:1 x Table8 X Chair8 x CushionWARNING Cushion and pad are only for outdoor use. Do not take them inside of dwelling



