https://www.banggood.com/7-Piece-Garden-Lounge-Set-with-Cushions-Poly-Rattan-Black-p-1888160.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
7 Piece Garden Lounge Set with Cushions Poly Rattan Black







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Create a compelling and relaxing lounge area that you have always dreamed of with our 7 pieces patio sofa set. You can enjoy a relaxing, sunny afternoon or summer evening with your family and friends on this modular lounge set! The set comes with 7 pieces so that you can choose different layouts and combinations as you prefer. Constructed from durable hand woven PE rattan over a powder-coated steel frame, this set is strong, sturdy and weather resistant. Thanks to the all-weather PE rattan, the lounge set is easy to clean, hard-wearing and suitable for daily use. The thick padded cushions and extra deep modern seating will keep you coming back to sink into relaxation. Seat cushion covers with zipped design are removable for easy washing. Coffee tabletopp includes 0.2" thick toughened tempered glass for both style and ease of cleaning. Additionally, thanks to its lightweight and modular design, you can move this set around your house with great ease. Delivery includes 3 corner sofa, 2 middle sofas, 1 single sofa, 6 seat cushions, 9 back pillows and 1 coffee table with glass top. Note: We recommend covering the rattan set in the rain, snow and frost.Color: Black poly rattan + black cushionsMaterial: Powder-coated steel frame + PE rattanCushion material: Polyester with PP cotton fillingCushion thickness: 2.4"Pillow thickness: 5.9"Coffee table dimensions: 24.4" x 24.4" x 13" (W x D x H)Middle sofa dimensions: 26.8" x 28.3" x 24.8" (W x D x H)Corner sofa dimensions:29.3" x 29.3" x 24.8" (W x D x H)Single sofa dimensions: 31.5" x 28.3" x 24.8" (W x D x H)Delivery includes:1 x Square coffee table with tempered glass top3 x Corner sofa1 x Single sofa2 x Middle sofa6 x Seat cushion9 x Back pillowWARNING Cushion and pad are only for outdoor use. Do not take them inside of dwelling



