https://www.banggood.com/9-Piece-Outdoor-Dining-Set-with-Cushions-Poly-Rattan-Gray-p-1888830.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
9 Piece Outdoor Dining Set with Cushions Poly Rattan Gray







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Our comfortable poly rattan dining set is a perfect combination of style and functionality, and will become the focal point of your garden or patio. Thanks to the water-resistant PE rattan, the dining set is easy to clean, hard-wearing and suitable for daily outdoor use. The powder-coated steel frames also bring stability and ensure their excellent durability. Delivery includes a glass dining table to match our elegant chairs. The thickly-padded, removable cushions with foam filling will provide the ultimate seating comfort. The low-maintenance polyester cushion covers can be easily removed and washed. This garden set is easy to assemble. Delivery includes 1 table, 8 chairs and 8 seat cushions. Note: We recommend covering the set during rain, snow and frost for its best service to last.Color: Gray and dark grayMaterial: PE rattan + glass tabletopp + powder-coated steel frameCushion cover material: 100% polyesterTable dimensions: 74.8" x 35.4" x 29.5" (L x W x H)Chair dimensions: 22.8" x 24" x 34.6" (W x D x H)Seat width: 18.5"Seat depth: 16.9"Seat height from the ground: 16.5"Armrest height from the ground: 25.6"Easy to assembleDelivery includes 1 table, 8 chairs and 8 seat cushionsWARNING Cushion and pad are only for outdoor use. Do not take them inside of dwelling



