https://www.banggood.com/Tassel-Hammock-Rollover-Prevention-Canvas-Swing-Chair-Hammock-Hanging-Seat-Rope-Porch-Patio-Garden-Indoor-Outdoor-100+130CM-p-1889732.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=514851&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Tassel Hammock Rollover Prevention Canvas Swing Chair Hammock Hanging Seat Rope Porch Patio Garden Indoor Outdoor 100*130CM







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Package included:COLORPackage includedTYPE AWHITEHanging chair + wooden stickTYPE BWHITEHanging chairTYPE CDARK GRAYHanging chair + wooden stickTYPE DDARK GRAYHanging chairSpecification:Size: 130*100cm/51.18*39.37''Weight capatity: 120kgDescription:1. Relax body and mind by using swing chair of hanging lace hammock.2. Comfort and relaxation. Lace swing net chair can be used as a light cradle and rocking chair reading chair and relaxation meditation chair, so that sweetly swings outside, enjoy nature, rest in the sunset, relax by the pool, or in the lounge. Deck, listen to the rain, crickets, birdsong or quiet stargazing night, etc.3. Applicable to indoor and outdoor additional facilities such as family, bedroom, sunbathroom, children's room, living room, etc. Adding charm to gardens, courtyards and decks, versatility is enough to serve as a hammock chair, room display or unique artwork.4. Portable and easy to hang, it can be resettled almost anywhere. It will be finished in a few minutes. Light weight, easy to store and carry. Easy to hang from the ceiling, trees or any solid projection that can support your weight.5. Hand-made ethnic style unique hammock swing style for any home to bring fashion and unique touch. Manufacture 100% manual cotton. Hand wash. Prevent outdoor.Feature:1. Light weight, easy to carry or store.2. Suitable for backyard, camping, hunting, hiking, tourism, etc.3. Light and strong, very comfortable.4. Stretch your body length so that you can rest from head to foot.5. hang perfectly on the porch or branches. Comfortable cradle chairs will soon become your favorite place to relax.Notes:1. Please allow 1-3cm measuring deviation due to manual measurement.2. Due to the different monitor and light effect, the actual color of the item might be slightly different from the color showed on the pictures. Thank you!




