https://www.banggood.com/600D-Heavy-Duty-Waterproof-Garden-Patio-Furniture-Cover-for-Rattan-Table-Cube-p-1889971.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
600D Heavy Duty Waterproof Garden Patio Furniture Cover for Rattan Table Cube







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















600D Heavy Duty Oxford Fabric MaterialWaterproofWindproofDust-proofAnti-UV✔600D OXFORD. We found the LARGEST denier fabric in the market and this is the best fabric currently. Compared to other material like 420D, 190T, 210D polyester, KING DO WAY Garden furniture cover is more waterproof, breathable, thicker, heavy duty than others. We will constantly update its quality according to the demand. KING DO WAY Outdoor Table Cover, a good helper for them to spend a long winter and cold period, keep it dry and more durable.✔WATERPROOF! ✔WINDPROOF! ✔DUSTPROOF! Protect your furniture well from scratching, getting wet, dust, fading, ultraviolet irradiation, fire-retardant, mildew proof, cold-proof, anti-corrosion, anti-aging, anti-ultraviolet, easy to clean, high-temperature resistance, it won't crack in snow day as well as protect your furniture well. Make your furniture more long-life and durable, keep it clean and dry in good condition.✔Firm and fixed well with 4 buckles and a strap. Protect your furniture well in case of blown away in the windiest day. Hold it tight with buckles on the bottom of the furniture, keep your sofa or chair and table set in the best condition. KING DO WAY furniture cover also comes with a storage bag to fold itself, convenient and neat collection.✔Product size: 230*165*80cm/ 90.55*64.96*31.49 inches. Suitable for the most shape such as dining set, table, and chairs 8 seats, picnic table, rattan furniture set, sofa set, etc. Also can be used for indoor or outdoor like balcony, garden, patio. KING DO WAY Patio Table Cover mostly suits your furniture with it's size.✔100% Satisfactory Service:We are committed to making sure you love your patio cover,if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase,welcome to contact us.We will reply within 24 hours and provide service for every customer.Until you are satisfied.Here's how to contact us：1.Click "Your Order" to find the order for this item. 2. Click "Get help with order" then select"other issue"Package Contents:1 x Patio Table Cover1 x Storage BagInstruction Notes:1.Please Measure Before Purchasing: A slightly larger one is advised.2.For daily maintenance, please use soft hair brush. No machines wash or dry clean.3.The cover is not fireproof. Please keep away from open flame and other sources of ignition.4.When the wind is very strong, we suggest that you can put some heavy items on the furniture cover to better prevent the cover and furniture from being blow off




