https://www.banggood.com/9-Piece-Garden-Lounge-Set-with-Cushions-Poly-Rattan-Brown-p-1893125.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
9 Piece Garden Lounge Set with Cushions Poly Rattan Brown







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Create an eye-catching and relaxing lounge area that you have always dreamed of with this garden lounge set. You can enjoy a relaxing, sunny afternoon or summer evening with your family and friends on this garden furniture set! The set comes with 9 pieces so that you can choose different layouts and combinations as you prefer. Constructed from durable PE rattan over a powder-coated steel frame, this set is strong, sturdy and weather resistant. Thanks to the all-weather PE rattan, the lounge set is easy to clean, hard-wearing and suitable for daily use. The thickly padded cushions and extra deep modern seating will keep you coming back to sink into relaxation. The coffee table is ideal for keeping food and drinks within reach. Additionally, thanks to its lightweight and modular design, you can move this set around your house with great ease. Note: We recommend covering the set in the rain, snow and frost.Color: BrownColor of cushions: Cream whiteMaterial: PE rattan, powder-coated steel, fabric (100% polyester)Dimensions of corner sofa: 27.2" x 27.2" x 27.2" (W x D x H)Dimensions of middle sofa: 22.4" x 27.2" x 27.2" (W x D x H)Seat size: 22.4" x 22.4" (W x D)Seat height from the ground: 13.8"Dimensions of tea table: 23.6" x 23.6" x 13.8" (W x D x H)Assembly required: YesDelivery contains:5 x Middle sofa2 x Corner sofa2 x Tea table7 x Seat cushion9 x Back cushion



