https://www.banggood.com/Garden-Drip-Irrigation-Connectors-Watering-Fittings-Kit-for-1-or-4-Drip-Tubing-PVC-p-1893044.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6286072&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Garden Drip Irrigation Connectors Watering Fittings Kit for 1/4 Drip Tubing PVC







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Irrigation Fittings Kit, Drip Irrigation Barbed Connectors for 1/4-Inch Tubing Flower Pot Vegetable Garden LawnTechnical Specifications:Color: BlackMaterial: PVCInner Tube Size: 4mmOuter Tube Size: 7mmQuantity: 10/110PCSSize: Assortment of the most commonly 1/4 inch drip fittingsNote: Use these irrigation fittings to your connect 1/4 inch drip irrigation tubing.Product Efficacy:1. Compatible with 1/4" blank tubing or drip lines, work with all kinds of watering drip irrigation systems efficiently.2. One-piece construction.3. Made from linear, low-density polyethylene.4. Secure and easy installation without glue, tools, or clamps.5. Barbed ends grab tubing for a secure leak-proof connection.6. Great for gardens, greenhouses, elevated garden, greenhouse gardening, agricultural watering, farm, lawn and residentialFeatures:1. Easy to Install: Our tool comes with a barbed end grab tube, you no longer need to take out a bunch of installation tools, glue to install, all the work will become simple and still very strong. If needed, you can use a heat-guns or blow dryer to soften the end of the tubing before inserting.2. Non-toxic and Durable Materials: These irrigation are made of high quality engineering plastics, non-toxi, durable, waterproof and chemical resistant.3. Suitable Occasion: Ideal for use with raised garden beds, residential, farm, law, greenhouse gardening and agricultural watering applications.4. Note: These irrigation kits are designed with barbs and can be used to connect 1/4 inch drip irrigation pipes. Please check the size carefully before purchasing.Function:1. Tees: Create three-way layouts of poly tubing or drip line with barbed tees.2. Straight Barbs: Create two way layouts of poly tubing or drip line with barbed couplings.3. Elbows: Create 90 degree layouts of poly tubing or drip line with barbed elbows.4. End Plug: Plug the end of your poly tubing or dripline with these drip irrigation end caps.5. 4-way Coupling - Create four-way layouts of poly tubing or drip line with 4 way coupling.Package Contents:Type B - 10PCS Set:10 x Barbed TeeORType A -110PCS Set:10 x Straight Barbed Connector50 x Tube tees10 x Elbows fittings10 x End plug30x 4-Way couplingNotice:1. Push the tubing as far ver the barbed ends as possible. It should be a very secure fit. It should be nearly impossible (relatively speaking) to pull the tubing back off by hand.2. If desired you may use a heat guns or blow dryer to soften the end of the tubing before inserting.




