https://www.banggood.com/7-Piece-Garden-Dining-Set-Solid-Teak-Wood-p-1893072.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
7 Piece Garden Dining Set Solid Teak Wood







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















This wooden garden dining set is perfect for your dining or relaxing in the garden or on the patio. It is also ideal for indoor use. Constructed from extremely durable teak hardwood, this piece of teak furniture has been seasoned, kiln-dried, and then fine sanded to give a very smooth appearance. Teak wood is known for its exceptional strength and weather resistance, making it far more suitable for garden furniture than any other kind of wood. Teak wood is the perfect choice if you want to purchase a long-lasting piece of garden furniture. The set is applied with a beautiful finish to give the wood a warm colour. The table has a hole for an umbrella to provide protection against the sun. The backrests of chairs are adjustable in 7 positions, so you can always find the most comfortable position. Featuring a foldable design, the chairs can be folded to save space when not in use. They are also lightweight and easy to move around. The furniture set provides you with comfort and great convenience to spend time with your family and friends. Additionally, this set is also easy to clean with a damp cloth.Material: Fine sanded teak hard wood with waterbase finishTable dimensions: 59.1" x 35.4" x 29.5" (L x W x H)Features an umbrella holeUmbrella hole diameter: 2"Chair dimensions: 22.4" x 28.1" x 42.9" (W x D x H)Seat width: 18.7"Seat depth: 15.7"Seat height from the ground: 17.7"Armrest height from the ground: 25.2"Chairs with 7 reclining positionsFoldable chairs for easy storage and transportationAssembly required: YesDelivery contains:1 x Table6 x Chair



