https://www.banggood.com/7-Piece-Outdoor-Dining-Set-with-Cushions-Poly-Rattan-Gray-p-1895563.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
7 Piece Outdoor Dining Set with Cushions Poly Rattan Gray







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















This outdoor dining set, with an elegant and contemporary design, is an eye-catching addition to your outdoor living space. This garden furniture set features a sturdy powder-coated steel frame, which is very stable and durable. The PE rattan makes this dining set easy to clean, hardwearing and suitable for daily outdoor use. The tabletopp is made of solid acacia wood, a tropical hard wood, which is weather-resistant and durable. The reclining chairs offer the utmost seating comfort and great support. The backrest is easily adjustable as per your desire by using the button on the side. Additionally, the thick and soft seat and back cushions are also highly comfortable. The low-maintenance polyester cushion covers can be easily removed and washed. Note: We recommend covering the set in the rain, snow and frost for extended life.Poly rattan color: GrayCushion color: Dark grayMaterial: PE rattan, powder-coated steel, fabric (100% polyester), solid acacia woodDimensions of table: 94.5" x 35.4" x 29.1" (L x W x H)Dimensions of chair: 22.4" x 28.7" x 41.3" (W x D x H)Seat size: 18.5" x 20.9" (W x D)Armrest height from the ground: 24.8"Seat height from the ground (without cushion): 16.1"Cushion thickness: 1.6"Removable, washable cushion coversDelivery contains:6 x Reclining chair1 x Table6 x Seat cushion6 x Back cushion



