https://www.banggood.com/8-Piece-Garden-Lounge-Set-with-Cushions-Poly-Rattan-Brown-p-1897008.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
8 Piece Garden Lounge Set with Cushions Poly Rattan Brown







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















This poly rattan sofa set, consisting of 2 corner sofas, 4 centre sofas, 1 coffee table, 1 ottoman, 8 back cushions and 7 seat cushions, will offer a stylish seating area for your garden or patio. Thanks to the weather-resistant PE rattan, the patio sofa set is easy to clean, hard-wearing and suitable for daily outdoor use. The powder-coated steel frames make the set sturdy and stable. The set is lightweight and the modular sections can be easily combined into different configurations. This set is also delivered with the highly comfortable, thickly-padded seat cushions and back cushions for the ultimate comfort. The low-maintenance polyester cover can also be removed and washed. Note: In order to extend the life of your outdoor furniture, we recommend you to clean it regularly and do not leave it outdoors without protection unnecessarily.Clean: Use a mild soap solutionStoring: If possible, store in a cool, dry place indoors. If the product is stored outdoors, protect it with a waterproof cover. Wipe and dry the excess water or snow from flat surfaces after a rain or snowfall. Allow sufficient air circulation to avoid moisture-related damage.Color: BrownCushion color: Cream whiteMaterial: PE (polyethylene) rattan, glass, powder-coated steelCushion cover material: 100% polyesterCushion thickness: 2.4"Ottoman dimensions: 27.6" x 27.6" x 12.2" (L x W x H)Coffee table dimensions: 29.1" x 29.1" x 12.2" (L x W x H)Corner sofa:Dimensions: 27.6" x 27.6" x 25.2" (W x D x H)Seat width: 24.8"Seat depth: 24.8"Seat height from the ground without cushion: 12.2"Centre sofa:Dimensions: 27.6" x 27.6" x 25.2" (W x D x H)Seat width: 27.6"Seat depth: 24.8"Seat height from the ground without cushion: 12.2"Delivery contains:2 x Corner sofa4 x Centre sofa1 x Coffee table1 x Ottoman8 x Back cushion7 x Seat cushion



