https://www.banggood.com/Garden-Chairs-6-pcs-with-Gray-Cushions-Solid-Teak-Wood-p-1898087.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Garden Chairs 6 pcs with Gray Cushions Solid Teak Wood







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















This wooden garden chair set is an excellent addition to your garden or patio. It is ideal for relaxing, chatting with family and friends or just enjoying the weather. Constructed from extremely durable teak hard wood, this piece of teak furniture has been seasoned, kiln dried and then fine sanded to give a very smooth appearance. Teak wood is known for its exceptional strength and weather resistance, making it far more suitable for garden furniture than any other kind of wood. Teak wood is the perfect choice if you want to purchase a long lasting piece of garden furniture. The chair's backrest can be adjusted in 7 reclining settings, so you can always find the most comfortable position. It is also lightweight, making it easy to move around. The outdoor chair can also be folded to save space when not in use. The included cushion is more than a practical addition; it also has a decorative function.Cushion color: GrayMaterial: Fine sanded teak hard wood with waterbase finishCushion material: Fabric (100% polyester)Dimensions: 22.4" x 28.1" x 43" (W x D x H)Seat width: 18.7"Seat depth: 15.7"Seat height from the ground: 42"Armrest height from the ground: 25.2"Cushion dimensions: 47.2" x 19.7" x 2.8" (L x W x T)7 reclining positionsFoldableDelivery contains:6 x Garden chair6 x Cushion



