https://www.banggood.com/5-Piece-Garden-Lounge-Set-with-Cushions-Poly-Rattan-Black-p-1899191.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
5 Piece Garden Lounge Set with Cushions Poly Rattan Black







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















This rattan sofa set combines style and functionality, and will become the focal point of your garden or patio. The whole furniture set is designed to be used outdoors year-round. Thanks to the weather-resistant and waterproof PE rattan, the lounge set is easy to clean, hard-wearing and suitable for daily outdoor use. The garden furniture set features a sturdy powder-coated steel frame, which is highly durable. It is also lightweight and modular, which makes it completely flexible and easy to move around to suit any setting. This set is delivered with highly comfortable, thickly padded seat and back cushions. The cushion covers are removable and washable. The sturdy tabletopp and armrest tops are made of durable WPC. Delivery includes two 2-seater sofa segments (each with one armrest), one 2-seater sofa, one corner sofa segment, one coffee table, nine pillows, nine back cushions, and four seat cushions. Note 1): We recommend covering the set in the rain, snow and frost.Note 2): This item will be shipped flat packed. Assembly is required; all tools, hardware and instructions are included.Rattan color: BlackCushion color: Cream whiteMaterial: Powder-coated steel frame + WPC tabletopp and armrest tops + PE rattanCushion material: PolyesterCushion thickness: 2.4"Corner sofa segment dimensions: 45" x 23.6" x 27.6" (W x D x H)2-seater sofa segment dimensions (with one armrest): 46.5" x 23.6" x 27.6" (W x D x H)2-seater sofa dimensions: 49.6" x 23.6" x 27.6" (W x D x H)Seat width: 43"Seat depth: 21.7"Seat height from the ground: 13.8"Coffee table dimensions: 37.4" x 23.6" x 15.4" (L x W x H)Delivery includes:2 x 2-seater sofa segment (each with one armrest)1 x 2-seater sofa1 x Corner sofa segment1 x Coffee table9 x Pillow9 x Back cushion4 x Seat cushion



