https://www.banggood.com/11-Piece-Outdoor-Dining-Set-Poly-Rattan-and-Acacia-Wood-Black-p-1899596.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
11 Piece Outdoor Dining Set Poly Rattan and Acacia Wood Black







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Our stylish rattan garden furniture set will become the focal point of your garden or patio! This rattan dining set, with an elegant design, will be a great choice for al fresco dining or relaxing in the garden. The powder-coated steel frames make the table, chairs and stools strong and sturdy, and thanks to their lightweight constructions, all items are easy to move. Thanks to the weather-resistant and waterproof PE rattan, the dining set is easy to maintain. The acacia hardwood tabletoppp with a natural oil finish is easy to clean with a damp cloth. The thick, soft, foam-filled seat and back cushions are highly comfortable and made of water-repellent polyester. The removable and washable covers are equipped with zips. Delivery includes 1 table, 6 chairs, 4 stools, and 16 cushions. Note 1): We recommend covering the set in the rain, snow and frost.Note 2): This item will be shipped flat packed. Assembly is required; all tools, hardware and instructions are included.Rattan color: BlackCushion color: Cream whiteMaterial: Steel frame + PE rattan + acacia hardwood tabletoppp with natural oil finishCushion material: Polyester cover with foam fillingTable dimensions: 65.7" x 43" x 29" (L x W x H)Chair dimensions: 20.5" x 22" x 33.5" (W x D x H)Seat depth: 15.7"Seat width: 18.3"Seat height from the ground: 17.3"Armrest height from the ground: 26.4"Stool dimensions: 16" x 16" x 13.8" (W x D x H)Cushion thickness: 2"Cushion covers removableDelivery includes: 1 x Table6 x Chair4 x Stool16 x CushionWARNING Cushion and pad are only for outdoor use. Do not take them inside of dwelling



