https://www.banggood.com/8-Piece-Garden-Lounge-Set-with-Cushions-Solid-Pinewood-p-1899497.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
8 Piece Garden Lounge Set with Cushions Solid Pinewood







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















This pinewood garden lounge set is an ideal choice for you to relax and enjoy the weather, take a nap, or chat with your family or friends. The sofa set is made of solid pinewood, making it sturdy and stable. This set has a solid construction and requires little maintenance. The cushions add extra comfort. This lounge set will add a touch of rustic charm to your outdoor living space. Note: In order to extend the life of your outdoor furniture, we recommend you to clean it regularly and do not leave it outdoors without protection unnecessarily.Clean: Use a mild soap solution.Storing: If possible, store in a cool, dry place indoors. If the product is stored outdoors, protect it with a waterproof cover. Wipe and dry the excess water or snow from flat surfaces after a rain or snowfall. Allow sufficient air circulation to avoid moisture-related damage.Cushion color: GrayMaterial: Solid pinewood, fabric (100% polyester)Corner sofa dimensions: 27.6" x 27.6" x 26.4" (W x D x H)Middle sofa dimensions: 27.6" x 27.6" x 26.4" (W x D x H)Table dimensions: 27.6" x 27.6" x 11.8" (W x D x H)Seat cushion dimensions: 22.8" x 22.8" x 4" (L x W x T)Back cushion dimensions: 19.7" x 15.7 x 4.7" (L x W x T)Assembly required: YesDelivery contains:4 x Corner sofa3 x Middle sofa1 x Table7 x Seat cushion11 x Back cushion



