https://www.banggood.com/Stackable-Garden-Chairs-with-Cushions-8-pcs-Solid-Teak-Wood-p-1915247.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Stackable Garden Chairs with Cushions 8 pcs Solid Teak Wood







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















This outdoor wooden stackable chair set has a timeless design. The chairs will suit a wide variety of settings, such as homes, offices, bars and cafes, thanks to their simple yet stylish design. Constructed from extremely durable teak hard wood, this set of teak furniture has been seasoned, kiln dried and then fine sanded to give a very smooth appearance. Teak wood is known for its exceptional strength and weather resistance, making it far more suitable for garden furniture than any other kind of wood. Teak wood is the perfect choice if you want to purchase a long lasting piece of garden furniture. These chairs are stackable when not in use to save storage space. The product is applied with beautiful finish to give the wood a warm colour. What's more, the included cushions provide extra comfort. Each cushion has 2 sets of ropes to fix it on the chair tightly. Note: In order to extend the life of your outdoor furniture, we recommend you to clean it regularly and do not leave it outdoors without protection unnecessarily.Clean: Use a mild soap solutionStoring: If possible, store in a cool, dry place indoors. If the product is stored outdoors, protect it with a waterproof cover. Wipe and dry the excess water or snow from flat surfaces after a rain or snowfall. Allow sufficient air circulation to avoid moisture-related damage.Cushion color: TaupeMaterial of chair: Fine sanded teak hard woodMaterial of cushion: Fabric (100% polyester)Dimensions of chair: 22.8" x 19.6"x 35" (W x D x H)Dimensions of cushion: 15.7" x 15.7" x 1.57" (L x W x T)Seat width: 19.2"Seat depth: 15.9"Seat height from the ground: 17.7"Armrest height from the ground: 25.1"Features 2 sets of ropesAssembly required: YesDelivery contains:8 x Chair8 x Cushion



