https://www.banggood.com/5-Piece-Garden-Lounge-Set-with-Dark-Gray-Cushion-Solid-Teak-Wood-p-1922849.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
5 Piece Garden Lounge Set with Dark Gray Cushion Solid Teak Wood







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















This compact and comfortable wooden lounge set will definitely be the focal point of your terrace, garden or patio. Constructed from extremely durable teak hard wood, this piece of teak furniture has been seasoned, kiln dried and then fine sanded to give a very smooth appearance. Teak wood is known for its exceptional strength and weather resistance, making it far more suitable for garden furniture than any other kind of wood. Teak wood is the perfect choice if you want to purchase a long lasting piece of garden furniture. The thickly padded seat and back cushions add maximum comfort. Combined with other seating, it offers endless configurations to suit your needs and space. Note: In order to extend the life of your outdoor furniture, we recommend you to clean it regularly and do not leave it outdoors without protection unnecessarily.Clean: Use a mild soap solution.Storing: If possible, store in a cool, dry place indoors. If the product is stored outdoors, protect it with a waterproof cover. Wipe and dry the excess water or snow from flat surfaces after a rain or snowfall. Allow sufficient air circulation to avoid moisture-related damage.Cushion color: Dark GrayMaterial: Fine sanded teak hard wood with waterbase finish, fabric (100% polyester)Table/Footrest dimensions: 27.6" x 27.6" x 12.2" (W x D x H)Corner sofa dimensions: 27.6" x 27.6" x 23.6" (W x D x H)Middle sofa dimensions: 27.6" x 27.6" x 23.6" (W x D x H)Seat cushion thickness: 2"Back cushion thickness: 5.9"With slatted designAssembly required: YesDelivery contains:2 x Table/footrest1 x Corner sofa2 x Middle sofa4 x Seat cushion4 x Back cushion



