https://www.banggood.com/K02-12V-DC-2A-Electric-Magnetic-Lock-Intelligent-Cabinet-Door-Lock-Fail-Secure-with-Feedback-Signal-p-1156149.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
K02 12V DC 2A Electric Magnetic Lock Intelligent Cabinet Door Lock Fail Secure with Feedback Signal







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:
Model: K02 (with feedback signal wire)
Locking Type: Fail Secure
Rated voltage: DC 12V
Rated current: 2A
Locking Force Hook: 150kg
Maximum Continuous Lighting Time: 5s
Working Environment: - 40 to 60℃
Solenoid Life: 0.5 million times at rated working conditions
Cable Length: 110mm
Suitable for: 0.5~4kg weight cabinet door
Size: Approx. 73×58×13mm

Features:
- Compared with K01 (Product ID: 1156152), additional wire can return door state feedback signals, enhancing security. You can ignore it if you don't have this function in your cabinet.
- The connector type of K02 is SM 2 Pins Plug. K02 has 2 plugs, one female plug for power supply, another male plug for feedback signals.
- Fail Secure Design: It's locked when power is removed. Instant power is applied to unlock the door.
- Emergency Manual Unlock: The hidden handle can be used for emergency unlocking. Pressing it is able to unlock the door without power.
- It is steady, durable and energy-saving and had a long lifespan.
- In the anti-theft and shockproof design, the lock is better than other kinds of locks.

	- Easy Installation: Just use three screws to fix this unlock, low install cost. Regular triangle mounting enables its stability and security.

	- Self Pops-Up Design: When the power is applied, the lock will push the latch out, it means the cabinet door will pops up automatically. Suitable for 0.5~4kg weight cabinet door. By the way, you need to push the latch in to relock the door.
- Used for locking vending machine, storage shelf, file cabinet, display cabinet, tickets delivery, refrigerated cabinet, mail box, newspaper box, local grocery, book cabinet, drawer, etc.

Package Included:
1 × Electric Magnetic Cabinet Lock

























