https://www.banggood.com/Outdoor-Garden-Solar-Ultrasonic-Repeller-PIR-Pest-Animal-Mouse-Fox-Cat-Dog-Repellent-p-1304702.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Outdoor Garden Solar Ultrasonic Repeller PIR Pest Animal Mouse Fox Cat Dog Repellent







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description :

1. Easy installation, just insert the bar into the earth
2. It is weather-proff allowing it to work all year-round and in virtually all weather conditions
3. Use solar power to recharge the batteries so it is always working
4. The animal repeller is use ultrasonic wave.
5. The Passive InfraRed sensor (PIR) detects motion and triggers the ultrasonic speaker emitting a tone that people cannot hear but chases away common outdoor pests like dogs, cats, deer, raccons, mice,skunks, squirrels and move 6.It is a safe and humane way to keep unwanted animals away

Usage :

1. Connect the repeller head, pole sections, connecting part and ground stake.
2. The unit is now ready for installation. The location should allow adequate sunlight to keep the batteries fully charged.
3. Turn power switch to ‘ON’ position
4. For best results, kepp the repeller head roughly 9-10 inches above

Note : 

1. Do not immerses repeller in water
2. Do not cover-up the PIR sensor
3. To clean the repeller, use a damp-soft cloth and mild soap with water. Do not use harsh chemicals or abrasive cleaning agents that may damage the repeller

Specification :





Name

Animal Repeller



Color

Green



Unit dimension

15(W) x 8.5(D) x 37(H)cm



Power supply

4 x AA NiCD rechargeable batteries



Power consumption

Standby = 0.8mAh, working = 15mAh



Ultrasonic frequency

18-40 Khz



Coverage area

30 feet @ 1100 = 2425 square feet




Package included : 

1 x Animal Repeller
1 x Instruction 

































