https://www.banggood.com/3-in-1-Mini-Cooling-Fan-Bladeless-Desktop-Fan-Mist-Humidifier-w-or-LED-Light-p-1476544.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
3 in 1 Mini Cooling Fan Bladeless Desktop Fan Mist Humidifier w/ LED Light







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















Description:
This 3 in 1 cooling fan has the functions of fan, humidifier, and light, which is considered to be useful gift and nice decorations.
 
Specification:MaterialABS, AS, PC, PP, Aluminium AlloySize129 x 145 x 227mmPower SupplyUSBInput Voltage5V/2AFan Power8WLight Power1WHumidifier Power1.5WHumidifying Time3hLED Color Temperature3000KWater Capacity60mlMist VentOneAdjustable Speed0-3 LevelsMaximum DB40db
Features:
1. Bladeless fan, more comfortable with natural air. Without blades exposed no possibility to hurt people and pets by blade cutting, especially safe for kids.
2. Adopting advanced technology, it's lower noise than traditional fan.
3. You are free to adjust most suitable speed since it has 0-3 levels to choose from.
4. USB power supply, convenient and power saving.
5. Humidify and cool down since it has functions of both cooling fans and humidifier.
6.  Nice decorations with warm lighting.
7. 3 in 1 design, portable and convenient to use.

Instructions:
Fan Image:
Short Press: Adjust Air (0-3 levels)
Long Press: Turn off Fan
Light Image:
Short Press: Turn on/off Light
Long Press: Turn on/off Humidifier
Water Filling Steps:
1. Turn off humidifier and place it smoothly.
2. Tilt the cooling fan forward and add water slowly to avoid probe immersion.
3. If there is probe immersion, you are supposed to wipe it and then put back the humidifier into the water tank.

Notice:
The humidifier only works when you fill the water tank and turn on the fan. If there is no water filled or the fan is off, the humidifier doesn’t work. 
 
More Better Option, Please refer to: ID: 1527619

Package Included:
1 x 3 in 1 Cooling Fan
 
More Details:



























