https://www.banggood.com/3300W-Electric-Hot-Water-Heater-Faucet-LED-Ambient-Light-Temperature-Display-Instant-Heating-Tap-Faucet-p-1612258.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287853&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
3300W Electric Hot Water Heater Faucet LED Ambient Light Temperature Display Instant Heating Tap Faucet







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specifications:

	Name: 3300W LED Ambient Light Temperature Display Instant Hot Water Tap Faucet

	Heating Tube Material: Quality 304 Stainless Steel
Color: Electroplated Silver

	Rated Voltage: 220V/50HZ

	Rated Power: 3300W

	Waterproof Grade: IPX4

	Cable: 1.5mm²

	The Inlet Way: Under the influent

	Water Pressure: 0.04-0.5Mpa

	Rotation: 360° Rotatable

	 

Features:

	- 3 seconds quick heat.

	- Highly sensitive hot-melt power-off.

	- Double isolation of water and electricity to ensure safe use.

	- With LED ambient light, create a warm and comfortable atmosphere.

	- The faucet can be controlled to be 360 degrees of rotation,and the tube is Universal Tube.

	- It can be used directly on the faucet without any special equipment.

	- High quality material, high temperature resistant, soft and strong, not easy to burst.

	- Convenient, simple, and easy to install, It can be used in kitchen, toilet, etc.

	- Hot and cold dual use. Temperature display screen, the current temperature is clear at a glance.

	- Strong anti-stamping, so that the product is not easy to aging, security is more durable and lasting.

	- No need to store water for preheating and no need to keep warm. To avoide heating too much water and a waste.

	 

Package Include:

	1 x Instant Hot Water Tap With Leakage Protector

	1 * Hose

	1 x Tape























