https://www.banggood.com/Folding-Aluminum-Infant-Baby-Stroller-Kids-Foldable-Pushchair-Bassinet-and-Car-Baby-Stroller-p-1623136.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=3183&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Folding Aluminum Infant Baby Stroller Kids Foldable Pushchair Bassinet and Car Baby Stroller







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















Description:

-Three sides open the net, shutter opening and closing, according to seasonal weather and baby needs, transform applicable.
		-Two way pushing, you can choose to let baby face you or face to front people.
		-Convenient to take off sleeping basket.
		-Good quality aluminium alloy, very light to push even for your 2-year-old child.
		-Sleeping basket is high enough to avoid any other bad air like automobile exhaust.
		-Durable to hold mom and baby both at the same time, 50kg bearing.
		-Triangle design and double damping spring avoid the pusher from heavy shocking.
		-Give your baby a comfortable ride!
		-The baby stroller features a wide seat base and multi-position recline seat. Reclining multi-position backrest with a convenient one-hand recline adjustment, and extendable leg rest make it perfect for infant to use. The fully adjustable canopy is designed to protect your baby from harmful sun, and the large storage basket provides a convenient place for your essentials.

Feature:

		-Double fold frame, compact volumeSelf-stand after folded,Easy to fold. Solid steel frame easy to fold(one key to collect).
		-Double front shock absorber double spring design, high hardness and environmental protection stable stroller and baby safety.
		-Free inflatable rubber solid wheel and Explosion-proof bar are Applicable to a variety of road conditions to achieve easy implementation.
		-One-button orientation and unlock, smoother implementation
		-360-degree rotation of the 18cm diameter front wheel.
		-The sleeping basket changes from 100 to 180 degrees to meet the needs of baby's growth and development
		-Three stalls regulation,Five-point European standard seat belt,anti-slip sweat push handle, removeable armrest, large basket and mom basket and easy brake of back wheel peotect your baby Comprehensively.
		-Aluminium alloy frame, four-wheel explosion-proof, two-way shock absorber.

Specification:

		Name:Baby Pushchair
		Aluminium alloy
		Suitable for:0-36 months
		Weight: 8.6g
		Material:Aluminium alloy + steel pipe
		Color:green, red, beige, khaki, pink
		Other parts:foot cover sleeping basket cover, sleeping pad,mosquito net, mat,bottle rack,bibs,wrist band,visor.

Package included:

		1 x Baby Stroller











































