https://www.banggood.com/3PCS-Bathroom-Set-Toilet-Cover-Mat-Non-Slip-Rug-Pedestal-Rug-Floor-Carpet-Home-Decor-p-1634201.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=41529&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
3PCS Bathroom Set Toilet Cover Mat Non-Slip Rug Pedestal Rug Floor Carpet Home Decor







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description :

3PCS Bathroom Set Toilet Cover Mat Non-Slip Rug Pedestal Rug Floor Carpet Home Decor


Bathroom Mat:

- Velvet fabric, very soft feeling and comfortable, PVC mesh bottom, non-toxic, odorless, not moldy.

- Easy absorb water and dust good slip resistance;

- Easy to clean, can be directly washed by washing machine or hands, not shed and fade, the back avoid to direct sunlight.

- High density super soft fabrics, comfortable, environmental protection, good ventilation.

	 

Washing:

1. Hand wash: Soak in water 10 minutes, then add the detergent or laundry detergent, scrub gently with a brush.

2. Machine wash: Soak in water 10 mins, then folded twice into the washing machine, don't with other clothes to wash.


Note:

1. Due to the light and screen setting difference, the item's color may be slightly different from the pictures.

2. Please allow slight dimension difference due to different manual measurement.

Specification :





Material 

Polyester Fiber



Color 

As The Picture Show



Weight 

Bathroom Mat: 360g



Size 

Bath Mat: 45 x 75cm
				Pedestal Rug: 45 x 37.5cm
				Lid Toilet Cover: 35.5 x 37.5cm




Package Includes :

1 x Set Of Bathroom Mat
(Include Pedestal Rug + Lid Toilet Cover + Bath Mat)







































