https://www.banggood.com/Wall-Mounted-Stainless-Steel-Towel-Rack-Rotating-Bar-Bathroom-Kitchen-Storage-p-1635370.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=514182&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Wall-Mounted Stainless Steel Towel Rack Rotating Bar Bathroom Kitchen Storage







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















Descriptions :

Stainless Steel Towel Bar Rotating Towel Rack Bathroom Kitchen Wall-mounted Towel Polished Rack Holder Hardware Accessory


Features:

			1. Practical: beautiful and practical, save a space!
			2. Surface: precision polishing, advanced coating process, make the surface is bright and clean, more durable, is not easy to fall off.
			3. Function: used to hang towel, bath towel and clothes. Hang wall design save a space, is beautiful!
			4. Material: All metal construction
			5. Easy to install: Punch free, economical and easy installation for builders and for home owners
			Ideal for Kitchen and Bathrooms

			▲ This towel holder looks great anywhere you want to put it and is a great alternative to wall-mounted racks that are often found in the bathroom and kitchen.

			▲ What's more the large base will help prevent any topple over!
			Just because it holds towels doesn't mean it shouldn't look great in your home.

			▲Punch -free is a new installation method. It is simple and convenient to install, has no trace and beautiful appearance,
			does not damage the wall surface, is waterproof and strong, and has strong bearing capacity. It will not fall off after 10 years of installation.

Specifications :

			Name : Activities towel rack (rod can be arbitrary rotating 360 degrees) 
			Material : Stainless Steel
			Color : Silver White
			Size : as shown in pictures

Package Include :

1 * Towel Bar (Does not include glue)

Note :

			1. Please allow 0.5-1cm differences due to manual measurement.
			2. Due to the light and screen difference, the item's color may be slightly different from the pictures.

















