https://www.banggood.com/Square-Metal-Arch-Wedding-Party-Bridal-Prom-Garden-Floral-Decoration-Party-Supplies-Decorations-p-1635386.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287849&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Square Metal Arch Wedding Party Bridal Prom Garden Floral Decoration Party Supplies Decorations







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Technical Specifications :
	 

	Color : Gold / White

	Material : Iron

	Item Type : Arch rack

	Occasion : Wedding Decorations Birthday Party Supplies Event Party

	Size : 2*2M (6.56*6.56FT)

	Pipe diameter : 25MM (1")

	 

Features and Benefits :
	 

	❤It is suitable for supporting lightweight climbing plants and vines or for displaying small hanging accents to make a beautiful entry into your garden.

	❤You can remove it into the suitable places in your garden according to your own needs. Help to make a great visual effect.

	❤It is in durable and stable construction for long time using.Easy to store and can be recyclable usage.

❤The product is suitable for all kinds of festival places.Great for wedding party decoration and easy to move it to where you want.

	❤This wedding arch can be decorated with flowers,tulle,balloons,foliage, lights or something else.Make that entrance to your garden or walkway stand out.

	 

Notice :
	 

	1. Please allow 1-3cm error due to manual measurement.Pls make sure you do not mind before you bid.

	2. The color may have different as the difference display,pls understand.

	3. Chirldren can not climp up this arch.

	 

Package Contents :
	 

	1 x Wedding Arch

	Wedding Arch only,flowers demo in the picture is not included.
















