https://www.banggood.com/Pet-Dog-Wheelchair-for-Handicapped-Small-Cat-Scooter-Run-Walking-Folding-Chair-Disabled-Paralysis-Puppy-Cart-Legs-Support-p-1637019.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Pet Dog Wheelchair for Handicapped Small Cat Scooter Run Walking Folding Chair Disabled Paralysis Puppy Cart Legs Support







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:
Color: As picture
Size:
Height: 21-26cm/8.27-10.24inch
Wheel diameter: 7.6cm/3inches
The length of adjustment lever: 28cm/11.02inches
The length of hing legs protective gear: 3.5cm/1.38inches
Weight: 0-2kg/0-4.4lbs
 
Features:
1. Help pet dog cat stand up and walk.
2. Wheelchair wheel is bearing wheel; Small friction and light weight and easy to pul.l
3. Wheel height can be adjusted.
4. Portable to carry and storage.
5. Height by double screws, double fixed more stable.

Installation Notes:
1. Remove the screws of the upper frame module counterclockwise, insert the wheelchair bracket into the module, adjust the height, and tighten the adjusting hole on the bracket clockwise.
2. Adjust the height and fasten the nuts
3. Finally, use a wrench to tighten module, prevent slippage.
4. (Front bracket length adjustment) First find a spare L-type wrench, anti-clockwise screw position 2 built-in screw, you can adjust the position of the front of the front bracket length, and thus adjust the length of the entire car.
5. (Insert buckle installation) Carrying the top ring to pull up,open the lock,the lock is opened and removed,The core is aligned and pressed down vertically to lock the catch.
 
Package Included:
1 set x Pet Wheelchair
 
More Detail:





