https://www.banggood.com/JOYXEON-310ml-Automatic-Soap-Dispenser-Intelligent-Touchless-Sensor-Foam-Dispenser-IPX4-Waterproof-Hand-Washing-Device-p-1659822.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
JOYXEON 310ml Automatic Soap Dispenser Intelligent Touchless Sensor Foam Dispenser IPX4 Waterproof Hand Washing Device







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Feature:☺ Touch sensory motion sensor: JOYXEON soap dispenser is equipped with an integrated infrared motion sensor that detects your hands and automatically releases liquid soap. Non-contact operation protects your family from germs and bacteria. Since 80% of infectious diseases are transmitted over hands, proper hygiene is particularly important. A detection time of only 0.25 seconds to filter out the foams and the detection distance is less than 10 cm.

☺ Waterproof & Low Power Consumption: Non-contact soap dispenser with IPX4 waterproof technology to prevent soap or water from attacking the circuit board. Turn off the soap dispenser before cleaning its surroundings to avoid accidental foaming. This device with high power micro motor is battery operated - 3 x AA batteries (not included) - approximately 6,000 times normal use.

☺ Energy saving and child-friendly: a new saving method, the innovative bubble pump technology, can convert liquid into foam and reduce the consumption of liquid soap by 50%. Just place your hands under the JOYXEON automatic soap dispenser and the right amount of soap is automatically dosed. JOYXEON Automatism combined with the child-friendly exterior of the refill makes washing hands an experience for children.

☺ Good quality and modern design: thanks for high-quality PC + ABS plastic, it is suitable for any wash basin in the bathroom or kitchen sink and can not rust or clog up. You can place the no-touch motion sensor soap dispenser on the water mist, water vapour, and the sink in the moisture environment. The sleek and elegant modern design is suitable for families, office buildings, upscale hotels etc.Specification:Brand: JOYXEONMaterial: ABS+HDPEPower by: 3 x AA battery(not include)Water Tank Capacity: 310mlWaterproof Level: IPX4
Package Included:
	1 x Automatic Soap Dispenser
















