https://www.banggood.com/40cm-48W-Wifi-RGB-LED-Bluetooth-Play-Music-Smart-Ceiling-Light-Dimmable-APP-Intelligent-Voice-Remote-Works-with-Alexa-Google-Home-p-1744300.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
40cm 48W Wifi RGB LED Bluetooth Play Music Smart Ceiling Light Dimmable APP Intelligent Voice Remote Works with Alexa Google Home







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Features:-- It is equipped with a powerful speaker that plays music via Bluetooth connection from the smart phone. With the specially developed app, the light color and brightness of the lamp can be controlled from the smart phone.-- The powerful RGBW LEDs can reproduce all spectral colors and also produce white light with different intensity and color temperature.-- In comparison to normal lighting, LED spotlights to consume a minimum amount of electricity and are even lower in energy consumption than energy-saving lamps.-- WIFI smart living home. Let the mobile phone control the smart lamps of the whole family. The whole house smart lamps, quality of life, we can meet all your requirements.-- You can control the light switch/brightness/color temperature/color through the phone. Even if you are in the field, as long as in the case of normal connectivity, you can also remotely control the lamps and lanterns in the home through the mobile phone. WIFI smart connection, regular on and off lights, regular reminder. Specifications:• Name: Happy Listening LED Ceiling Lamp• Power: 48W• LED QTY: 120LED• Dimmable: Yes• Switching time: <1s• Color rendering: 80• Illumination area: 15㎡-30㎡• Mains frequency: 50Hz• Start up time up to 60%: 1s• Luminous flux: 100LM/W• Degree of protection: IP20• Lampshade material: Acrylic• Operating voltage: 220V• Color temperature: 3000K + 4500K + 6000K• Light color: Warm white + White + RGB• Diameter: 40cm/15.7"• Control method: Bluetooth/wifi/wall control/mobile APP/infrared remote control• Support: alexa go/google home/tmall Elf• Function: Lighting, playing music Package included:1 x LED Ceiling Lamp1 x Remote Control Note:1. Please allow 0.5-1cm differences due to manual measurement.2. Due to the light and screen difference, the item's color may be slightly different from the pictures.Details pictures:




