https://www.banggood.com/110-220V-36-Planting-Sites-Hydroponic-Site-Grow-Kit-Garden-Plant-System-Vegetables-Tool-4-Tube-Soilless-Cultivation-Plant-Vegetable-Grow-Kit-p-1754050.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=47759&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
110-220V 36 Planting Sites Hydroponic Site Grow Kit Garden Plant System Vegetables Tool 4 Tube Soilless Cultivation Plant Vegetable Grow Kit







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description :Extremely simple to assemble and use, this hydroponic indoor or outdoor grow system is designed for fast, maximum-convenience vegetable gardening. Perfect for beginners! No experience needed.The system produces high-quality vegetables, herbs, melons, and berries--45-day yields!--that are more nutritious and better-tasting than soil-gardened produce because oxygenated water and nutrients are delivered directly to the roots.This model can be Ebb and Flow-type when using a time controller or a Recirculating Deep Water Culture type without using time controller.Features :-Conserve water and nutrients: Avoid the loss and infiltration of nutrient and water, will be fully absorbed and utilized by crops.-Fully utilize spaces: Soilless cultivation completely freed crops from the soil environment and fully utilize the more spaces above soil.-High yield & good quality: Soilless cultivation can fulfill the production potential of crops. The yield can be increased in multiples compared with the traditional soil cultivation.- Easy maintenance: You don't need to hoe, and manage the vegetables as ever. It saves both time and labour.s and no need of compost site.Specification :MaterialPVCColorWhitePipe Quantity3Layer Quantity4Hole Quantity36Pump VoltageAC 110V-220VPlugUS/AU/EU PlugDimension (L*W*H)98 x 50 x 96 cmWarm Tips:1. This item doesn't include the water tank which is shown in pictures. You can simply find a non-transparent bucket and cover with a lid to reduce the water evaporation.2. You may need to prepare some nutrient solution3. For convenient transport,we ship it unassembledly. This is a easy-to-assemble kit, just cost little effort to install it.4. Please put the kit in a sunny and adequate lighting place for at least 4 hours a day. Lack of light will lead to poor nutrition of growing vegetables.Package Included: (Water Tank Not Included)1 * Hydroponic Piping System1 * 220V Water Pump36 * Planting Baskets & Sponges1 * Sponge1 * Absorbent cloth1 * Hose




