https://www.banggood.com/LED-Digital-Alarm-Clock-Electronic-LED-Projector-Desktop-Digital-Projection-Alarm-Clock-Smart-Home-Bedroom-Bedside-Clock-p-1760712.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=233&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
LED Digital Alarm Clock Electronic LED Projector Desktop Digital Projection Alarm Clock Smart Home Bedroom Bedside Clock







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description :  Electronic LED Projector Alarm Clock Desktop Digital Projection Alarm Clock Smart Home Bedroom Bedside ClockFeatures :- [180° Projection Alarm Clock & Auto-off Setting]  The 180° rotary projector ensures clear time display with 4 brightness. The focusing knob allows 0.5-5m projection distance from wall ceiling. button to flip projection view upside down. The projection will automatically turn off after turning off the alarm in AUTO mode.- [15 FM Radios with Sleep Timer]   Alarm clock radio allows to turn on 15 FM radio stations (76.0MHz-108.0MHz) with 15 level volume adjustable. You can listen to music, news, talk shows, weatories shows, etc. The sleep timer funher, traffic, sports, stction allows you to fall asleep with the radio within 90 minutes (custom). Radio will automatically turn off after the specified time.- [Automatically Search & Lock Station]  The radio has the functions of automatic search, automatic lock, and automatic storage. The number of storage stations is unlimited, and the operation is simple and convenient.- [Dual Alarms with Snooze Function]  Dual alarms can separate your waking-up time from your partner. Snooze function of this LED clock gives you Extra minutes sleep before alerting you again. This smart atomic digital alarm clock can wake you up comfortably.- [Easy to Use & Easy to See]  With separate buttons, the projection alarm clock is designed with simplicity for kids or seniors. The big red digit is penetrative to see for the sleepy, near-sighted or eyesight-impaired.- [Power-off Memorry]  Projection function works only via AC power, But the alarm clock also has a built-in backup battery, the settings of time/ alarm / radio will be remembered even during power outag.Specifications :ModelEN8827MaterialABSWeight0.28KgSize18.5 x 4.5 x 9.1cmPackage Included : 1 x Alarm Clock1 x USB Data Cable1 x Instruction




