https://www.banggood.com/Astronaut-Starry-Sky-Projector-Light-Bedroom-Childrens-Night-Light-Gifts-Star-Galaxy-Projector-Rotating-Bedside-Table-Lamp-Home-Decoration-p-1888689.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Astronaut Starry Sky Projector Light Bedroom Children's Night Light Gifts Star Galaxy Projector Rotating Bedside Table Lamp Home Decoration







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Features:★ Astronaut Projection Lamp: The combination of nebula and starlight can be played alone or in combination, and the effect of nebula flow creates a relaxing environment. It can be used as a projection lamp with exquisite appearance or a high-end ornament. It is also a perfect choice for collectors.★ Remote Control and Timer: The astronaut starry sky projection lamp with remote control can control the on/off of the modes of nebula and starlight. You can adjust the brightness, change the light mode, and it can display a variety of nebula effects. ★ Easy to Use: The head of the astronaut projection lamp can be moved and disassembled, and the starry sky and nebula lights can be projected at any angle at will, providing a wonderful and dreamy environment for your monotonous bedroom or game room.★ Best Gift: Astronaut projection lights are suitable for birthdays, parties, weddings, room decorations, children's day, Christmas, and anniversary gifts. The starry sky projection galaxy lights create a wonderful starry atmosphere and help stimulate children's curiosity, imagination and creativity. It is also very suitable as a star projector, a romantic mood lamp, a night light or a bedside lamp for interior decoration.Specifications:★ Name: Astronaut Projection Lamp★ Material: ABS+PC+PVC★ Color: White★ Single Gross Weight: about 650g★ Input Voltage: 100-240V 50/60Hz 0.4A★ Size: 120*113*228mmPackage Includes:★ 1 * Astronaut Projection Lamp★ 1 * USB Power Cable★ 1 * English Manual★ 1 * Remote Control (No Battery Included)★ 1 * BoxNote:★ Please allow slight dimension difference due to manual measurement.★ Please consider the actual sizes in the listing as the pictures are generally enlarged to show detail.★ Due to different producing batches, product details might be a little different. If you minding the difference, please buy it carefully.★ Due to the light and screen difference, the item's color may be slightly different from the pictures. Thanks for your understanding.




