https://www.banggood.com/Dog-Car-Seat-Cover-for-Pet-Travel-Puppy-Supplies-Cat-Carrier-Hammock-Rear-Back-Seat-Protector-Mat-Safety-Nonslip-Waterproof-Dirt-Resistant-175+105+36-CM-Universal-for-Car-SUV-p-1937416.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Dog Car Seat Cover for Pet Travel Puppy Supplies Cat Carrier Hammock Rear Back Seat Protector Mat Safety Nonslip Waterproof Dirt Resistant 175*105*36 CM Universal for Car SUV







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description :  Dog Car Seat Cover for Pet Travel Puppy Supplies Cat Carrier Hammock Rear Back Seat Protector Mat Safety Nonslip Waterproof Dirt Resistant 175*105*36 CM Universal for Car SUVFeature :★Durable Material - 600D Oxford Cloth + PP cotton + Oxford Cloth + Slip-proof PVC net, no smell and no harm to your pet. Protect the cargo area and back of your SUV from water, dirt, dander, pet hair and spills, and avoid claw marks on your car's pristine paintwork while your dog jumps out of the back. The nonslip backing keeps the cover in place while driving. This luxurious cargo liner is beautifully designed, made of quality material which gives it a classy look.★Protect Vehicle Clean - Protect your cargo area from dirt, garden stuffs, pets fur and claws, as well as keep your dog cargo liner dry and tidy all time. Long bumper flap that extends down to protect your bumper from claw marks or scratches when loading and unloading.★Easy to Install - Install in seconds by looping the adjustable straps around the headrests of the back seat. With the seat anchors and our reinforced quick release headrest straps install is easy and will stay secured in place in seconds! The car boot liner is machine washable, and can be easily cleaned with a damp cloth or just vacuum in day-to-day use. There is a pocket can be for storage.The one pocket can put inside a leashes, bags or anything your pet may need.★Widely Used - This Focuspet car mats can be used at the time of camping or any other situation that needs liner. 175 cm length, 105 cm width - with 36 cm side protection & 45 cm seat protection. Focuspet is the cover 20 % bigger than other similar products and fits into every car.★Best Solution for Traveling - With furry friend, against pet's claws, spills, hair, water and dander, a must for individuals with pets traveling outside. We also provide a dog rope toys for dog's playing while travelling and a storage bag to hold the cover.Specification :Material: 600D Oxford clothColor: BlackSize: 175*105*36 cmNote:1. Please allow 0.5-1cm differences due to manual measurement.2. Due to the light and screen difference, the item's color may be slightly different from the pictures.Package Includeds :1 x Car Boot Liners1 x Storage Bag




