https://www.banggood.com/Focuspet-Orthopaedic-Dog-Pad-m-74-+-46-+-7_5cm,Detachable-Dog-Basket,Washable-Non-Slip-Dog-and-Cat-Bed,Orthopaedic-Dog-Pad,Gray-Foam-Filled-Dog-Toy-Mat-p-1940476.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=6287638&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop
Focuspet Orthopaedic Dog Pad m 74 * 46 * 7.5cm, Detachable Dog Basket, Washable Non Slip Dog and Cat Bed, Orthopaedic Dog Pad, Gray Foam Filled Dog Toy Mat







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description :  Orthopaedic Dog Pad m 74 * 46 * 7.5cm, Detachable Dog Basket, Washable Non Slip Dog and Cat Bed, Orthopaedic Dog Pad, Gray Foam Filled Dog Toy MatFeature :Dog Mat: this dog mat is made of high-quality memory foam, which can help dogs reduce physical pain, joint pain, etc. Therefore, this dog basket is undoubtedly a good choice for elderly dogs. For energy-saving reasons, we will compress the dog mat to save the use of packaging materials. Therefore, when opening the package, allow some time to restore it to its original state.Easy to clean: the filling of this dog basket can be separated from the surface pillowcase. Therefore, when the dog pad gets dirty, you can directly open the zipper and put your tail on the washing machine, which is really convenient. The tail of this cat and dog cushion is made of super soft and comfortable artificial plush, where your pet will like to lie.Pleasant color: the color of this dog blanket is gray, not too dirty, or a good color for your home decoration. In addition, the tail will not stick to the hair and will not absorb liquids, such as dog saliva, urine and many vomit.Pet dog grading: when you buy this dog cat bed, you will have a pet dog grading toy as a gift. The dog's toy is a Wuen rope. It is a good thing to clean dog teeth and prevent dental diseases. This dog rope also reduces boredom, anxiety and loneliness and makes the dog happy and healthy. If you don't receive the package of this toy, please contact us to get a satisfactory solution.Perfect dog bed: this size of dog pad is suitable for dogs under 40 pounds, such as nipple dogs. You can also put this dog mat in the dog cage or use it to carry the dog bed. We guarantee that your dog will love this perfect dog pad.Specification :Size :S（60X40X7.5CM）M（74×46×7.5CM）L（89×56×7.5CM）XL（99.5×75×10cm）Target species: cat, rabbit and dogPackage Includeds : 1 x Pet Mat




