1337557
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/57/8B/316d1cb8-fa27-497c-b937-d9b0b89f1cc9.jpg
Remote Control Car Alarm System Keyless Entry Security 2 4 Door Power Lock Actuator Motor Kit
https://www.banggood.com/Remote-Control-Car-Alarm-System-Keyless-Entry-Security-2-4-Door-Power-Lock-Actuator-Motor-Kit-p-1337557.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















nullDescription:

1. This kit has a car finder feature that will flash the lights on your vehicle.

2. Add a relay and it will honk your horn too! If you have a motor to open your trunk, this kit will allow you to open your trunk with your  remote.

3. Finally, if you have a window roll-up module or any other accessory you would like to operate, this kit allows you to control up to 2 optional devices with the remote.

Feature:




 Model

 FAI-330 & FAI-586       



 Product Name

 Car Alarm System



 Material

 Metal, Plastic



 Features

 Keyless Entry



 Number of Remotes Included  

 2



 Number of Lock Actuators

 4



 MPN

 FAI-586 & FAI-330




Security:

1. Starter Kill

    Disables the vehicle from being started while the alarm is armed.

2. Stage Duel Shock Sensor

    Low impacts causes the it to sound warning chirps while larger impacts cause the alarm to sound.

3. Dome Light Trigger Delay

    When enabled, the alarm system will not fully arm the alarm until all doors are closed.

4. Ignition Trigger

    When the alarm system is armed, the alarm will sound if the ignition receives power or it is tamper with.

5. Hood Pin and/or Trunk Trigger

    When the alarm system is armed, the alarm will sound if  the hood and/or trunk is opened.

6. Carjack Mode

    If your vehicle is carjacked, engage this feature and the alarm will sound 60-seconds after it is stolen.

7. Valet Mode

    When enabled, the remotes will lock and unlock the doors without arming  the alarm.


Door Lock & Controll:

1. Front Lock Control

    When locking or unlocking the front doors, all the other doors will lock and unlock.

    This feature can be enabled for just one, both, or neither front doors.

2. Automatic Lock/Unlock

    When enabled, the doors will automatically lock and unlock when the vehicle is turned on and off.

3. Automatic Last Door Arming

    When enabled, after the engine is turned off, the alarm will arm itself 30-seconds after exiting the vehicle.

4. 2x  Auxiliary Outputs

    These auxiliary outputs can be used to open your trunk, roll up your windows, etc.(Add-On modules needed.)

Advanced Security:

1. Shock Sensor Bypass

    When bypassed by the remote, the alarm will ignore the shock sensor when the system is armed.

2. Emergency Alarm Disarm (by Key Sequence)

    When engaged, the alarm system can be disarmed with an  ignition "on-off" sequence.

3. Automatic Alarm Reset (30sec or 60sec)

    The alarm's alarm will automatically turn off after the set interval unless the alarm is re-triggered again.


Remote:

1. Lock/Arm

    Engine Off: Lock Doors & Arm Engine On: Lock Doors Only.

2. Unlock/Disarm

    Engine Off: Unlock Doors & Disarm Engine On: Unlock Doors Only.

3. Panic Button

    Press the panic button and the alarm will sound for 60-seconds.

4. Auxiliary Button (Controls Aux 1 and Aux 2)

    Press the auxiliary button for 3-seconds to control Aux1, or press the auxiliary button once then lock once for Aux2.

5. Car Finder

    When activated, the alarm will flash it's parking lights to help you locate your vehicle.

6. Carjack Mode

    When the engine is on, press the lock and unlock buttons together to activate the carjack mode.

7. Silent Arming & Disarming

    When the engine is off, press the lock and unlock buttons together to arm or disarm the alarm without the confirmation alarm chirps.





Package Included:
		1 X Car Alarm Kits

Product Manual Linkage: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1KzaaxIsLDg-z64uuwanzciE0yZ7TG33p


	 


















