1418509
https://imgaz3.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/2B/5E/039181e8-cc91-421a-93d9-100e77c8f1ee.JPG
0-200Psi Digital LCD Tyre Tire Air Pump Pressure Gauge Tester Car Motorcycle Van
https://www.banggood.com/0-200Psi-Digital-LCD-Tyre-Tire-Air-Pump-Pressure-Gauge-Tester-Car-Motorcycle-Van-p-1418509.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specification :

Product name : LCD Tire Pressure Gauge

Material : metal

Main color : black

Display : digital

Measure scope : 0-200PSI

Four kind of unit : PSI KPa Bar Kg/cm2

Interior Battery: 2xCR2032

Working temperate :-20°C to 80°C

Diamter : 58mm/2.28in

Fitment : universal for most vehicle;such as car,truck,van,motorcycle etc.

	 

Features :

1.High-end digital chip, LCD display monitor, testing more accurate, more reliable and cost-effective.

2.The rubber shock-resistant protective cover can effectively protect the digital pressure gauge and guarantee that it can be used for long time.

3.LCD backlit displays of Psi, Bar, kg/cm2, Kpa measurement units on 2.5" digital pressure gauge.

4.Simple push power button to turn it on, select the desired range. Pressure release button for precise adjustment of pressure while on the tire valve.

5.To prolong theusing lifespan of tyre. Thanks to excessive pressure in tire will lessen the tire lifespan and even cause tire brust; too low air pressure will increase car mileage and choppiness.

6.To save gas and keep tire wear with proper inflation.

	 

Operarion Steps :

1.Please measure the tire pressure while the tire is cool.

2.Use the end of the tire pressure gauge to press the tire valve, the digital display shows the highest value.

3.The tire pressure gauge keeps the front vertical to pressure measurement and reads the tire pressure.

4.Please check the tire pressure value (this pressure value refers to the car's instructions) and keep the tires at the correct pressure.

5.After the reading is completed, press the pressure relief valve to remove the pressure inside the pressure gauge.

6.After measurement, re-lock the lid on the tire valve nozzle.

	 

Note :

1.The gear knob and plasitic surround is not included, you will receive only the leather part.

2.Please allow 0.5-1 inch difference due to manual measurement.(1inch=2.54cm).

3.The color of the actual items may slightly different from the listing images due to different computer screen, thanks for your understanding.

4.There is no instruction included.If you want to know how to use it,please contact us by Email!

	 

Package Incldues :

1 x LCD Tire Pressure Gauge
























