1565916
https://imgaz3.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/ser1/banggood/images/E4/FA/9a0756e2-8076-4077-8bf1-a3fbc2706f11.jpg
300cm x 0.3cm 10FT Multi-functional Double Sided Reusable Nano Adhesive No-Trace Removable Glue Washable Strong Gel Anti-Slip Tape
https://www.banggood.com/300cm-x-0_3cm-10FT-Multi-functional-Double-Sided-Reusable-Nano-Adhesive-No-Trace-Removable-Glue-Washable-Strong-Gel-Anti-Slip-Tape-p-1565916.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Description:

It is easy to cut to any size!

Can be washed, unlimited reusable!

It is easy to disassemble and will not damage your wall or surface!

Can accommodate up to 1 KG (2.2 LBS) on a smooth surface.

Can work perfectly in the temperature range above -16C (0F) or 62C (150F).

You can use it to fix or paste items such as poster, picture frame, pen holder, wall sticker, hook,
	small tools, sticky pads, phone cases, wall decor.

Suitable for smooth, rough , clean and dry surface, can be applied to ceramic tile,
	board, glass, metal, marble, plastic, leather and so on, hold your items firmlly.

	 

Specification:

Material: Acrylic rubber Color: Transparent

Length: 3 m(10ft)

Width: 30 mm Thickness: 2 mm

	 

How to Use:

1. Clean the surface you want to stick. 

2. Cut it to the right size and stick it.

3. Peel off the protective film before use.

4.When the gel tape viscosity loss or the surface is dusty, wash it with water and dry it naturally. Then you can reuse it more times.


Features:

STRONG VISCOSITY, CAN BE CUT

Through new Nano Technology and adaptable material it holds on all surfaces.
		It can hold up to 1 KG (2.2 LBS) on a smooth surface so that you can arbitrarily paste anything.
		Sturdy and durable but easy to remove. It can be cut to any size and any length you want, save space.
		It can be stretched, bending and folded out of shape to meet your needs. Works perfectly in a temperature range from -16C (0F) to above 62C (150F).

WASHABLE AND REUSABLE

Muti-functional adhesive tape is washable. When it gets dirty, you can wash it with water and dry it to regain its stickiness.
		It will become sticky again after being dry. DO NOT use any other wipes or detergent.
		The tape will probably can't stick still if the it gets wet, please keep it dry when holding the object.
		And it can be used for many times, and will not leave any residue or glue when removed.

VERSATILE USES

It can be used in all aspects of life, such as kitchen, office, mobile phone or car hold, living room, tools.
		You can use it to fix or paste items such as car phone holder, poster, picture frame, pen holder, wall sticker,
		hook, small tools, sticky pads, phone cases, patches, decorative patches, wall decor. Closely related to life,
		you can stick items on the wall, Holds items up to 1 KG (2.2 LBS) on smooth surfaces. Free paste, random removal, freely to carry.

SAFE TRACELESS ADHESIVE TAPE

This super adhesive double-sided tape is made of Nano-pu gel material, Non-Toxic, Recyclable and Eco-Friendly.
		Its length 5M/16.5FT, width 30mm, thickness 2mm. Sturdy and durable, double-sided adhesives, transparent,
		washable, reusable, easy to remove, leave no traces on the wall or any surface.


	 

Note: 

Viscosity is proportional to the contact area, suitable for pasting flat items,
	and can not be used for long-term vertical hanging heavy items (heavy items need to increase the number of pieces)

Do not use on rough surfaces, powder walls, oil stains, or wet surfaces.

After washing, it can be dried naturally. Do not rub with a rag.

When the item is difficult to remove, it can be easily removed by simply dampening it with water. (
	The viscosity of the tape will deteriorate when there is water on the surface)

	 

Package Included:

1 * 300cm X 0.3cm Double Sided Adhesive Tape
























