1608558
https://imgaz2.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/ser1/banggood/images/E2/7F/ffb890b7-ef57-44e1-a454-2ed2cc181780.JPG
2pcs Motorcycle Carb Carburetor Fuel Vacuum Balancer Cylinder Gauge Synchronizer Diagnostic Tool
https://www.banggood.com/2pcs-Motorcycle-Carb-Carburetor-Fuel-Vacuum-Balancer-Cylinder-Gauge-Synchronizer-Diagnostic-Tool-p-1608558.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















	Description:

	-This Vacuum Gauge 2 Cylinder will help improve the performance of your motorcycle,
	providing you with a user-friendly method of balancing your carburetor at home without the need for additional tools.
	The two gauges can be used individually or together, with a pair of rubber connectors on hand to provide four-way balancing.
	Brass extension bars and a steel back plate make this a hard-wearing essential that'll last.

	-Vacuum gauges enable easy synchronisation and balancing of motorcycle carburettors.

	-Each unit includes precision gauges mounted on a robust metal base for worktop use.

	- Enables easy synchronisation and balancing of motorcycle carburettors

	- Each unit includes precision gauges mounted on a robust metal base for worktop use, threaded brass carb extensions
	(65mm and 180mm), connectors and vacuum hose.



		Specification:

		Product Name: Motorcycle Fuel Vacuum Gauge Balancer 

		Material: Metal & Plastic

		Size: 15cm x 10cm

		Gauge Diameter: 7cm

		Color: Blue & Black

		Type: Instruments & Gauges

		Sub-Type: Carburettor Balancing Gauge

		Fitment: Suitable for 2 cylinder machines.


	Note:

	1.We provide clear pictures, measurements where possible. Please check as much as possible to make sure the item is the one that you need.

	2. Please allow 0.5-1 inch difference due to manual measurement.(1inch=2.54cm)

	3.There are no instructions included in this kit.If you want to know how to use or install it,please contact us by Email.We will provide help as much as possible.


		Package Includes:

		1 X Fuel Vacuum Gauge Balancer 

		2 X Vacuum Hose

		2 X Connectors

		2 X Threaded Brass Carb Extensions






















