1623001
https://imgaz3.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/FF/1F/af914709-bdfb-4ea9-857a-5312adc677d7.jpg
Autool BT760 Car Battery Tester Capacity Internal Resistance Analyzer 12V Support One-click Data Printing For Auto Trucks
https://www.banggood.com/Autool-BT760-Car-Battery-Tester-Capacity-Internal-Resistance-Analyzer-12V-Support-One-click-Data-Printing-For-Auto-Trucks-p-1623001.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















Description:
		-Support one-click data printing. After the battery test is completed, the test results can beprinted for easy storage.
		-Supports English, Russian, Spanish, Portuguese, French,German, Italian, Thai, Korean, Chinese, Japanese,
		Turkish.etc. More than ten languages.
		-Support 6-890 battery testing with a large test range, BT760 can also support the battery test of trucks
		ano motorcycles compared to the testers that can only test cars on the market.
		-Reverse PowerConnection Protection. BT760 has a reverse power protection device inside,
		even if the power pole is connected in reverse, it will not damage your car and battery.

		 
Specification:
	Brand: AUTOOL

Model: BT760

Type: Digital

Current measurement range: 30-220 (A)

Voltage measurement range: 6-32 (V)

Capacity measurement range: 20-3000 (AH)

Power supply voltage: 12 (V)

Weight: 0.7 (Kg)

Dimensions: 203x90x38mm


Product Advantages:
		-Switch more than 10 cy usedlges.
		-2.8 inch HD color screen with clear display.
		-Support 6 - 32V battery test, fast and convenient .

-Reverse connection protection, safe and reliable -Powerful functions, accurate test result.

Four Major Testet:
1. Battery Test: It mainly calculates the actual cold-start battery capacity and aging degree based on analyzing the
	health status of the battery, and provides a reliable analysis basis for battery testing and maintenance. When the battery ages, it informs the user to replace the battery in advance.
2. Cranking Test: Mainly test and analyze the starting motor. By testing the actual required starting current and voltage of the starting motor to define whether the starting motor is working normally.
3. Charging Test: The main purpose is to check and analyze the charging system, including generators, rectifiers, rectifier diodes, etc., to determine whether the output voltage of the generator is normal, whether the rectifier diode works normally, and whether the charging current is normal.
4. Maximum Load Test: It mainly measures the value of the battery's maximum loadable electrical appliances. 
The purpose of the load test is to ensure that the battery can operate normally without exceeding the maximum expected workload.

Package Included:
	1 X Car Battery Tester1 X Portable Box





















