1752536
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/EE/47/1deaaaae-a929-4d2c-bf72-1b2e8ff49ca5.jpg
Baseus 150PSI Digital Car Air Compressor Wireless Tyre Inflator Motorcycle Bicyle Tire Inflatable Portable Electric Auto Pump
https://www.banggood.com/Baseus-150PSI-Digital-Car-Air-Compressor-Wireless-Tyre-Inflator-Motorcycle-Bicyle-Tire-Inflatable-Portable-Electric-Auto-Pump-p-1752536.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Feature:1.TPMS Digital Display, Seeing is Believing. LED digital displays to show tire pressure with one touch2. Smart Preset Tire Pressure, Automatic Stop when Top up. Precise inflation after presetting tire pressure, automatic stop when reaching the right pressure. Over-inflation and under-inflation protection for a novice.3.Dual Mode Tire Pressure Setting for Flexible Adjustment. Except for smart preset tire pressure, tire pressure can also be manually adjusted accordingly for safer driving.4.Built-in Lighting for Nighttime Use. No need to use a light for inflation at night, easier and safer to use.5.Pure Copper Permanent Magnet Motors, Powerful and Stable. The permanent magnet motor with pure copper winding has strong power and high efficiency and the all-metal pressurized cylinder can provide enough power for inflation of car tires, plus heat-resistant PA66 GF33 piston rods to stabilize the body and avoid cylinder blast in high speed operation.6.Powerful Energy Storage, Wireless Fast Inflation. Two built-in high-capacity 18650 lithium batteries for wireless use and fast inflation, no need to connect to a lighter.7. Multi-purpose and Well-prepared for Emergencies. Complete accessories for various needs, easy to handle emergencies.8. Double-sided Heat Dissipation to Reduce Temperature Rise. The inflator pump is equipped with a ring-shaped air outlet and connecting rod on the motor drives the fan to dissipate internal heat quickly and keep the motor running.9. One Equals to a Set. All-in-one design to integrate various accessories into one body, easy to carry and anti-lost.10. Baseus Dynamic Eye Inflator Pump: Mini body, easy to carry and inflate by one person. Old Inflator Pump: Bulky body, hard to carry and inflate.Specification:



Brand Name
Baseus


Model Name
Car Tyre Air Compressor


Material Type
Metal and ABS


Item Width
8.2inch


Input
5V/2A


Input Voltage
DC 7.4V


Current
6A Max.


Power
45W Max.


Battery pack 
18650 x 2, 2000mAh each


Charging Time
About 3hours


Operating Environment Temperature
-10 to 60°C


Pressure Gauge Range
5-150PSI (support pressure up to 120PSI)


Features 
Car Air Pump for Auto Motorcycle Bike Ball


Applicability
Car and SUV/bicycle/Motorcycle/Basketball/Canoe/Kayak





Usage Instructions:


1. Connect the air nozzles according to the products to be inflated.


2. Connect the high pressure inflation tube to the main body.


3. Long press the power button to turn on.


4. Short press the mode button to select the desired mode.


5. Short press the power button to start inflating.

Note1:When turning on, the value shown on the display after connecting the inflation tube refers to the current pressure. To ensure safety, please check the inflation pressure required for the items to be inflated before inflation to avoid personal injury from bursting caused by over-inflation.Note2: 1. Before setting the inflation pressure value, please make sure to select the correct measurement unit2. Household vehicles recommended inflation pressure: small car tire-2.3~2.5Bar / SUV-2.5~2.8Bar / MPV business car-2.3~2.5BarPackage Included:



1 X
Car Air Compressor


1 X
Bicycle Brass Nozzle


1 X
Inflation Tube


1 X
Air Nozzle


1 X
Ball Needle
1 XManual






