1936692
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/31/F9/a0665a20-d57b-426c-9483-587f0b9ebd05.jpg
DY220B 12V Battery Analyzer Automobile Motorcycle Storage Cell Tester Digital Car Cranking Test Diagnostic Accessories
https://www.banggood.com/DY220B-12V-Battery-Analyzer-Automobile-Motorcycle-Storage-Cell-Tester-Digital-Car-Cranking-Test-Diagnostic-Accessories-p-1936692.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:This battery tester is used for testing the conditions of the 12V lead-acid starting battery: cranking system and charging system.It comes with a large backlight LCD screen and it supports classic touch-tone to help you read and operate more efficiently.It utilizes the 4-wire Kelvin method to complete the collection of a series of complicated data for calculating every testing data with a build-in precise circuit and improved digital processor.Moreover, some circuit improvements including polar reversal protection, over-voltage input protection, and loose lead detection, ensure safety and convenience during testing.This is a must-have tool in the fields of battery sales, vehicle repair and battery inspection equipment system.﻿Feature:1. Fast and smooth running speed with STM-32 chip set hardware2. Accurate test results, using high precision amplifier and calibrated by professional battery testing tool, BST100 reading accuracy up to 99%.3. Wide testing range cover from CCA 100- 2000 , 3- 220 AH, best in the market.4. Industry initiative graphical battery voltage real time monitoring, can be analysis battery data more accurate.5. Unique battery results display in percentage and meter mode.6. Test all automotive cranking lead acid battery, including ordinary lead acid battery, AGM flat plate battery, AGM spiral battery, and Gel battery, etc.7. Polarity reverse connection protection, reverse connection will not damage the tester or affect the vehicle and battery.8. Directly test the battery with loss of electricity, no need to full charge before testing.9. Testing standards include currently the world's majority of battery standards, CCA, BCI, CA, MCA, JIS, DIN, IEC, EN, SAE, GB.10. DUOYI DY220B is used to test a wide range of 12V batteries (Starting (SLI), Deep Cycled and Marine) of Wet (Flooded), VRLA or Maintenance Free (MF), Sealed Maintenance Free (SMF), Absorption Glass Mat (AGM) and GEL EPB cellSpecification:BrandDuoyiModelDY220BMaterialABS plastic shellSize19*16*5cmVoltage12VFunction:1. Identify battery status Good or Replace2. Check Battery Capacity - Cold Cranking Amps (CCA), DIN, EN and IEC information relative to battery rating.3. Check Internal resistance value (Ohm)4. Display battery life in percentage (%)5. Battery Cranking Test, load test6. Battery Charging Test, Ripple Test7. Support battery ripple test and review test dataPackage Included:1 X Tester1 X Instruction





