1281284
https://imgaz2.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/5C/2B/15cd0301-8ef2-45f4-8803-85c14e4dcce0.jpg
Stainless Steel Coffee Bean Roasting Machine Coffee Roaster Roller Baker 220V Tools
https://www.banggood.com/Stainless-Steel-Coffee-Bean-Roasting-Machine-Coffee-Roaster-Roller-Baker-220V-Tools-p-1281284.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specification

Name:   Coffee Bean Roaster

Material:  Stainless Steel

Voltage: AC 220V  

Machine size:38cm

Drum diameter:14cm

Drum height: approx.21cm

	 

Application

Use for baking beans and nut products, not powder.

	 

Instructions

1. Install the motor: Fix the bracket into the bottom screw of the motor. Note that the center of the motor shaft is the same as the center of the bearing at the other end of the bracket.

2. Installation roller:

(1) One end of the roller shaft is inserted and tightened to the end of the motor shaft.

(2) Place the roller bearing end in the housing.

(3) overlooking the installation of the baking machine after the completion of the motor shaft to the drum and the bearing into a straight line.

(4) Lock the motor with the bracket.

	 

Feature

a Stainless steel roller,Strong temperature holding ability

b  Low decibel drive motor, low noise, and comfortable listening to distinguish the dehydration degree of the coffee beans.

c With a convenient observation window, you can observe the cooking color and shape changes of beans at any time.

d Stainless steel roller hole shape distribution,So that the smoke in the baking process is discharged smoothly, rapid cooling and the removal of bean skin.



Note:

- We will provide adapter according to delivery country.

- This machine is used for  baking beans and nut proucts, not powder.

- Do not use it in continuous 24 hours working.

- Do not contact the body with high temperature state.

- NO heat supply, please purchase in your location.


 
	Package included:

1x Coffee Bean Roaster

1x Stainless steel trayMore Details:
	 
























