1303670
https://imgaz2.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/E9/69/cbd44d69-f23f-4491-9d11-f88c31bb05dd.jpeg
Electronic Water Tap Timer DIY Garden Irrigation Control Unit Digital LCD Irrigation Timer
https://www.banggood.com/Electronic-Water-Tap-Timer-DIY-Garden-Irrigation-Control-Unit-Digital-LCD-Irrigation-Timer-p-1303670.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Description- Waterproof Electronic Water Tap Timer DIY Garden Irrigation Control Unit Digital LCD- The Single-Dial Water Timer will turn your hose faucet into a programmed sprinkler system in minutes. No more dead plants because you forg to water them. No more soggy lawns because you forgot to turn the water off. Just set the timer and go! With a large digital display, oversized dial, and simple controls, programming is fast and easy. Built with high quality materials and water-resistant construction, you can count on many years of dependable service. One dial allows complete timer control functionality. Cycles easily from set clock, set watering time, how often, how long, then run program. A rain delay is built into the run program function. A manual button allows program interruption. Saves water in drought conditions.Feature1. Extra-large LCD with bright, vivid text provides best-in-class readability2. Super-simple programming gives flexible control of watering duration and frequency3. Rain delay and manual watering functions ensure maximum water conservation4. Watering number (can be controlled by rotary switch), designated way to continue to output the opening valve watering shortest time is 1 minutes, the longest continuous output valve opening time is 240 minutes.5. Watering cycle (controlled by rotary switch), the minimum cycle time is 6 hours, and the longest cycle is 7 days.SpecificationInstructions Included.Water pressure: 0-8 kgWorking pressure: 0-4 kgWater temperature: 5℃-40℃Size: 14.5 x 10 x 5cm / 5.7 x 3.9 x 1.97inchMaterial: ABS Plastic(Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene)Insert two AA(1.5V)alkaline batteries (not included) Instruction1. Load the battery (the first time you load the battery, the LCD will flash).Rotate the dial, and set the program according to the personal demand.2. With the dial on Auto, press the manual button, the faucet will be watering when "START" mark play on LCD. Then press the manual button again,it will stop watering.3. This timer features simple, easy installation and programming. There is no need for tools. Just set the start time, watering duration and frequency.4. Plus, the timer retains the program while changing battery. The large, easy to read dial and LCD screen makes programming easy as ABC!Packing included1 x Water Tap Timer1 x English Manual
More Details: 






