1745700
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/A6/E7/9858a629-c875-4116-bb35-e09074ce8c05.jpg
3D Effect Slate Brick Wall Decal Sticker Faux Self-adhesive Wallpaper TV Wall Decor Sticke
https://www.banggood.com/3D-Effect-Slate-Brick-Wall-Decal-Sticker-Faux-Self-adhesive-Wallpaper-TV-Wall-Decor-Sticke-p-1745700.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=513872&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description :  3D Effect Slate Brick Wall Decal Sticker Faux Self-adhesive Wallpaper TV Wall Decor StickeUsages  :1. The wall has been handled well painted wallpaper paste special base film, and let it dry.2. to draw a vertical line from the ceiling to the floor, this line as the first piece of wallpaper paste edges.3. According to a desired size cut a good wallpaper, and turn the cut wallpaper in order, and then compare the color dark to light carefully then the cut wallpaper should be arranged from dark to light or from shallow to deep, marked with serial number on the back. Note contrasting colors, so as not to stick wrong.4. To brush glue evenly over the back of the wallpaper, you must brush the edge of the wallpaper, we can not stick to the front of wallpaper, to ensure a clean surface, avoid the risk of wrinkles. Over 3-5 minutes, then wallpaper soaked, the wallpaper can be pasted on the wall. Wallpaper paste to the wall, it should be removed air bubbles, wrinkles and excess glue carefully, the method is to use hard scrubbing brush, brush from the middle to both sides. When glue Stick on the positive of wallpaper used cloth to wipe it immediately.5. Wallpaper should be affixed in a dry wall, the front of the wallpaper can not wipe with a damp cloth, to avoid fade after wet.Specification :Material: Non-wovenPattern: StoneColor: Deep Grey, Light Yellow.Size: 32.8*1.7ftNon toxic,Wear-resistant, Breathable, Environmental protection,DurableSuitable for the scene: bedroom, clothing store, bar, restaurant, cafe and so onPackage Includeds : 1 x 3D Effect Wallpaper





