1817091
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/CF/AC/e6d747d0-fe30-4383-82a3-ef3bbe4cf439.jpg
Modern LED RGB Colorful  Night Light Dimming Quantum Lamp Modular Touch Sensitive Lighting Night Lamp Magnetic DIY Indoor Bedroom Decor
https://www.banggood.com/Modern-LED-RGB-Colorful-Night-Light-Dimming-Quantum-Lamp-Modular-Touch-Sensitive-Lighting-Night-Lamp-Magnetic-DIY-Indoor-Bedroom-Decor-p-1817091.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=511073&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:Modular Touch-Sensitive LightingThis is a modular touch-sensing wall light. Use hexagonal floppy to create any structure to suit your needs, then turn it on and off by touching it.Customize Your SpaceThe fast modular component is equivalent to a system that can easily adapt to any scene. Use magnetic edges to connect the lights together to create the structure that best fits your interior.Slide On/OffThe wall light is turned on and off by the user's physical touch. A capacitive sensor is used as a switch that turns each component on or off when the user's body touches the surface. This design allows the user to effectively slide where they want or need light.Build Terminal DisplayIndividual components can be easily stitched together by magnets located at the edge of the product. The hexagonal shape allows these pieces to be inlaid together and provides an opportunity for a variety of different structures. This process allows the user to create a light that meets their needs.Quantity LimitCurrently, you can connect to 65 blocks on the same circuit. Further testing and development will increase this. A larger display can be achieved by isolating the contact between different lights.Specification:Material: PP+LED Light+Alloy Size:Per Module: 10cm (Corner to Corner, Not Edge)Color:  RGB Colorful(Random Color)Power: 1W (Per Module)Package includes:1/5/10  x  LED RGB Night LightNote:There could be some slight differences in the color tone of the pictures and the actual item.Please allow 1-2mm differs due to manual measurement, thanks.Details picture:





