1845356
https://imgaz3.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/48/CE/d5806409-bca3-4c81-b390-082907f5fb76.jpg
ESSORT Cervical Memory Pillow Foam Contour Pillow Neck Pain Ergonomic Breathable Sleeping Adjustable
https://www.banggood.com/ESSORT-Cervical-Memory-Pillow-Foam-Contour-Pillow-Neck-Pain-Ergonomic-Breathable-Sleeping-Adjustable-p-1845356.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287845&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:ESSORT Cervical Memory Pillow Foam Contour Pillow Neck Pain Ergonomic Breathable Sleeping AdjustableFeatures:· ✅【Hug-shape Support】ESSORT neck pillow has the ergonomic design that fits the curvature of our neck, just like a cloud hugging the neck, perfectly fits and provides support. The memory foam gently lifts the neck, so that breathing is smooth, avoiding snoring and neck soreness.· ✅【Premium Memory Foam】Our contour sleeping pillow is made of CertiPUR-US certified advanced slow-rebound memory foam. This foam is really soft and maintain its shape and firmness for long-term use. The breathable pillowcase is removable with zippered and machine washable. Chemical-free for better health.· ✅【For Neck Pain】Our orthopedic pillow adopts a patented design to fit the natural curvature of the human neck. The memory foam gently supports the neck and head to distribute the pressure evenly to minimize neck pain and shoulder stiffness, give you a night of dreams and a comfortable morning.· ✅【Height Selectable】Our cervical pillow for neck pain has two heights which provide you with the most comfortable angle. The protruding part in high height provides additional neck support, and minimize neck and shoulder stiffness. The side sleeper pillow also provides a special armrest for your arm to avoid paralysis of the hand under the pillow.· ✅【Warm Tips】It is possible for you to experience some discomfort during the first few days. Please take some time to fit the neck contour, you will enjoy extreme comfort after you get used to it. There may be a light natural foam smell after opening. If the smell bothers you, please wash the pillowcase before using and put the pillow core in ventilated place around 3-5 days. If you have any question, please feel free to contact our customer service.Specification:Item Weight3.31 poundsMaterialPolyesterBrandESSORTProduct Dimensions24.4 x 13.4 x 5.5 inchesPackage Included:1 x Pillow





