1889252
https://imgaz3.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/11/D7/44c37ab5-b799-4cf1-ad98-a45a2de8b40a.jpg
Sound Control 3D Display Pickup Rhythm Light RGB Music Ambient LED Night Light Bar APP Control Car Atmosphere Colorful Tube Lamp
https://www.banggood.com/Sound-Control-3D-Display-Pickup-Rhythm-Light-RGB-Music-Ambient-LED-Night-Light-Bar-APP-Control-Car-Atmosphere-Colorful-Tube-Lamp-p-1889252.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Type-C Rechargeable APP Control RGB Colorful Tube 32 LED Voice-Activated Pickup Rhythm Light Music Atmosphere Ambient Lamp Bar for Car Party ComputerFeature:-The shell is made of acrylic material, which is sturdy and durable.Multi-scene use. Suitable for car/desktop/home speakers/games/outdoor parties.-Support intelligent noise reduction. With AGC automatic gain control and intelligent noise reduction algorithm, it can be used in noisy environments.-Built-in highly sensitive microphone (voice control). The voice control induces the beating rhythm, which shows the unique style and enhances the atmosphere; it moves with the rhythm.-The built-in lithium battery can be fully charged and used without a long time of wiring and plugging in; it can be used for more than 160 minutes when it is fully charged in about 40 minutes.-Multiple modes display soft light design. 32 colorful lamp beads, no less than 8 display modes, 5 levels of brightness adjustable, 5 levels of speed adjustable. APP model 210 kinds of phantom color modes are adjustable, 255 kinds of voice control modes are adjustable, brightness/speed/sensitivity is adjustable.Specification:Name: RGB music rhythm lightLight bar color:  BlackType: Type-C charging/Type-C charging+APP remote control (optional)Function: 12 dynamic mode + 18 voice control modesMaterial: AcrylicBattery capacity: 380mAh-180 minutes of battery lifeNumber of lamp beads: 32 independent colorful lamp beadsCharging socket: Type-C socketInput voltage: >DC 5V 1AInput interface: Micro USB, Type-CFrequency response: 100-16KHzSoftware support: AGC; intelligent noise cancellation; firmware update (upgrade through built-in serial port)Product size: 24mm*18mm*200mmWeight: 110gUses: Car/desktop/home speakers/games/outdoor parties, etc.Introduce:The music level lamp adopts an acrylic one-time molding shell, and uses 32 colorful lamp beads inside, with a special MIC for music and a 32-bit ARM processor with a main frequency of 72M. Realize the dynamic expression of music and sound field. USB 5V plug and play.Principle: The pickup lamp automatically senses external music through the built-in microphone, synchronizes the music frequency, lights up RGB full-color LED lamp beads, presents dynamic light effects, and realizes the visual effect of music.Precautions:1. Do not connect to a power supply higher than 5V, so as not to damage the motherboard, please use the power supply equipment certified by the relevant agency.2. Do not soak in water, or use it under the condition of humidity higher than 90%.3. Do not use any solvent or liquid other than absolute alcohol to wipe the screen.4. Non-professionals should not disassemble it by themselves. Product failures caused by non-quality problems are not covered by the warranty.5. Do not use for children at 6 years old and below.6. Unplug the power supply in time when not in use. 





