1917752
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/FC/79/78ada01e-bb98-403b-bd9b-9d314af47bd2.jpg
SAWAKE Laundry Basket With Lid Dirty Washing Clothes Storage Folding Bin Bag Hamper
https://www.banggood.com/SAWAKE-Laundry-Basket-With-Lid-Dirty-Washing-Clothes-Storage-Folding-Bin-Bag-Hamper-p-1917752.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=6287836&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:The Sawake collapsible laundry basket comes with a detachable lid which can keep the smells and dust out. The fastening tape design makes you easily remove and assemble the lid of laundry baskets. The tall and thin design helps you improve the utilization rate of corners. Slim laundry hamper can help you save a lot of space after finishing washing. The lining is made of waterproof material so the laundry basket can hold wet or dirty clothes and it means you can wipe it down easily for quick cleaning. Item Specifics:BrandSAWAKEColorBlack/Grey/BeigeFabricThick linenCapacity45 LitersAssembled Product Dimensions (L x W x H)15.3x7.5x23.6 in / 38.9x19.05x59.94cmFeatures:-Fabric Type. The fabric is thick linen, no worry about tearing problem.-Detachable Lid. The upgraded fastening tape makes the lid can be easily removed and assembled.-Collapsible basket. The laundry basket can be folded to save space when you don't need it.-Waterproof Fabric. The lining is made of waterproof material so this laundry hamper can hold wet or soiled clothes.-Two Ways Portability. It features both long handles and side handles, you can conveniently transport to the laundry room and back, or take it outside for picnic, camping.The thick handles mean you won't scrape your knuckles when carrying heavy duty.-Gift Laundry Bag. A laundry bag is included for protecting your clothes when washing,storing underwear, bra lingerie, stocking, etc.-The laundry hamper has 4 foldable rods and a hard bottom base with rubber feet, it can stand up straight even though it is full of clothes, toys and other stuff. -The tall and thin design helps you improve the utilization rate of corners.Slim laundry hamper can help you save a lot of space after finishing washing.-It is perfect for laundry room organization and storage, also bedroom, bathroom, living room, closet, college dorm, nursery, small space and outdoor. Package Included:1x Laundry Hamper1x Laundry bag





