1925719
https://imgaz3.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/87/C8/69d3bd16-5436-4eb6-bd08-716eea9186d2.jpg
Pet Travel Carrier Backpack 20lbs Cat Dog Foldable Back Bag with Removable Mat Puppy Supplies
https://www.banggood.com/Pet-Travel-Carrier-Backpack-20lbs-Cat-Dog-Foldable-Back-Bag-with-Removable-Mat-Puppy-Supplies-p-1925719.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=223&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















﻿Specifications:Type: Pet Carrier Backpack Style: Casual Material: Nylon + PVC + Faux LeatherColor: Blue, Green, Orange, Light GreenSize: 32x22x42cm / 12.6x8.7x16.5inch Folded Size: 32x5x42cm / 12.6x1.97x16.5inchMax Load: 10kg / 22lbs[Conversion: 1cm=0.3937 inch, 1inch=2.54 cm]Features:【Dimensions】This stylish pet carrier backpack measures approximately 12.6"x8.7"x16.5".The backpack is foldable. The folded size is 12.6”x1.97”x16.5”. It is easy to carry. The carrier backpack suitable for small dogs and cats up to 22lbs.(Please don't choose your carrier based on your pet's weight only--please reference your pet's length and height in selecting a carrier size.)【Excellent Ventilation】The three-sided fully ventilate mesh design helps your pet breathe easily and quickly cool down. One side window and one front window are suitable for your pet to stick her head out to effectively reduce anxiety during outdoor adventure journey.【Comfortable & Convenient】This carrier bag is equipped with a washable thick soft cushion for your puppy and kitty to sit or sleep comfortably. The cushion can be machine washed separately if it gets dirty, which is very convenient for your daily use.【Safety Design】The dog carrier backpack adopts durable material which is sturdy and anti-scratch. The inner safety buckle prevent your naughty friend from escaping. At the same time, the front of the backpack is equipped with reflective strips to ensure the safety of walking at night.【More Details】The handle and shoulder straps are equipped with extra thick padding for more comfort during long trips.Front and side pocket provide more space to store dog and cat essentials. The four non-slip bases at the bottom ensure the stability of the bag.【Easy to Carry】The size of this dog backpack carrier meets the under-seat dimensions of most airlines. The pet carrier is multiple uses which is perfect for traveling by plane or car in a stylish and comfortable way, suitable for anything from adventures to veterinary tours. (The carrier is approved for most major airlines, but it is recommended to first confirm this with your airline.)Package Included:1 x Pet Carrier BackpackNote:-Due to different producing batches, product details might be a little different. If you mind the difference, please buy it carefully.-Please allow 1-3CM differs due to manual measurement.-Due to the different display and different light, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item. Thanks for your understanding.





