1935454
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/26/D8/eda555dd-ccbc-443e-813d-85e2e8558eff.jpg
Candle Warmer Electric Wax Melt Lamp Lantern For Top-Down Candle Melting Waxing Burner Aromatherapy Lamp Table Lamp For Spa Club
https://www.banggood.com/Candle-Warmer-Electric-Wax-Melt-Lamp-Lantern-For-Top-Down-Candle-Melting-Waxing-Burner-Aromatherapy-Lamp-Table-Lamp-For-Spa-Club-p-1935454.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=477596287830&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:Item: Candle Warmer Lamp (Jar candle & wax are Not Included)Size: Diameter 16.5cm* Height 32.5cmMaterial: Metal, GlassLight Source: Halogen Bulb-50WColor: White/ Black/ Red/ BronzeApplicable area: 5~10m²Package Weight: 1KGVoltage: AC110V-220VPlug: 110V US Plug/ 220V EU Plug/  220V UK Plug/  220V AU PlugFeatures:- Safe & Environmentally Friendly: Place your favorite candle inside and enjoy without soot, smoke, or an open flame, suitable for pet family, baby family. It uses heat to melt the candle from top to bottom, releasing a vibrant, clean fragrance. Extends candle life by 50% and reduces carbon monoxide emissions by 82%.- Stepless Dimming: You can freely adjust the brightness of this candle lamp, soft halogen light creates the ambiance of a burning candle and allowing you to enjoy a warm and comfortable time.- Widely Application: This candle warmer lamp is a stylish, modern, exquisite and creative candle melting lamp. It is a perfect choice for home, farmhouse, bedroom, living room and study room. It is a great romantic gift. (Wax Not Included)Safety Instructions:1. Before powering on, make sure the bulb is fully screwed into the bulb base.2. The candle should not be too close to the light bulb.3. Suitable for cup candles of various brands, bare wax and paraffin are not recommended.4. It is recommended that the working time of a single use of the highest gear should not exceed 4 hours.5. Turn off the power before going to bed to avoid the lamp working for a long time and the temperature is too high.6. The halogen bulb will generate a large amount of heat. Do not touch the lampshade, light pole and bulb when using it for a long time to avoid burns.7. Do not use this product on an inclined surface, keep away from flammable items, and do not place it where children can touch it.Q&As:Q1: Do I need to light a candle when using a candle warmer lamp?A: Unnecessary.Q2: There is not much candle left, what should I do if the melting wax lamp cannot illuminate and heat it?A: The candle can be raised so that it is closer to the light source.Q3: After using it a few times, you find that the scent of the candle is not as strong as before?A: After 5~6 times of use, the essential oil on the surface of the candle has evaporated, so there will be no fragrance volatilization when heated again. Just pour out the melting candle liquid on the surface.Package Included:1 x Lamp





