1940480
https://imgaz2.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/6B/FB/bdb7859f-4683-412b-904c-a9e44e9c919a.jpg
Focuspet Anti Barking Necklace, Dog Training Necklace, Harmless and Automatic, 2-Mode Vibration, 5 Sensitivity, Ipx7 Waterproof, Suitable for 6 to 150 Pound Dogs
https://www.banggood.com/Focuspet-Anti-Barking-Necklace,Dog-Training-Necklace,Harmless-and-Automatic,2-Mode-Vibration,5-Sensitivity,Ipx7-Waterproof,Suitable-for-6-to-150-Pound-Dogs-p-1940480.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description :  Focuspet Anti Barking Necklace, Dog Training Necklace, Harmless and Automatic, 2-Mode Vibration, 5 Sensitivity, Ipx7 Waterproof, Suitable for 6 to 150 Pound DogsFeature :-Anti barking Necklace - the anti barking Necklace trains your pet dog in a painless way and uses improved vibration technology design to stop the barking of small / medium / large dogs. This necklace is suitable for all kinds of dogs. This automatic anti barking necklace has no electric shock, so it is very soft for your dog.-Dual vibration and sensitivity mode has 5 levels - this rechargeable anti barking necklace has dual vibration mode in soft mode or strong mode through button M. trigger sensitivity of 1 to 5 is selected through power button. It is the most effective necklace for dogs and big dogs. The latest engine provides more stable vibration and ensures the best driving effect.-Durable waterproof battery - the dog training necklace with overload protection charges well after 2-3 hours, and the battery life is up to 15 days. Please use the computer or external battery to charge it, or charge the adapter below 5V, otherwise it will make continuous noise. Ipx7 waterproof.-Upgraded attenuation sensor - the intelligent attenuation sensor of 2022 version will control and filter, and then it will be effective only when the dog's bark reaches 1000-2000khz and 80-90db. At that moment, the sound of another dog won't hurt the anti barking necklace. In addition, the 2022 upgrade has more accurate sensitivity, which is triggered only when the dog barks.-Dog legs - This Anti bark necklace is lighter than other necklaces and comes with two fully adjustable straps designed to spread the weight of the Anti bark Necklace over the dog friction area of 6 to 150 pounds. We provide you with comprehensive after-sales service.Specification :Material :Nylon material, acrylonitrile butadiene styrene, silicone, TPUType :Button closure Package Includeds : 1 x Anti Barking Necklace





