1943542
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/B1/CA/0e8782cb-0afa-42c5-9394-36db088c7090.jpg
Bestnifly Automatic Soap Dispenser 3 Adjustable Modes Soap Quantity Non-Contact Electric Disinfectant Dispenser with Screen Display for Office Hotel Restaurant School (370 ml)
https://www.banggood.com/Bestnifly-Automatic-Soap-Dispenser-3-Adjustable-Modes-Soap-Quantity-Non-Contact-Electric-Disinfectant-Dispenser-with-Screen-Display-for-Office-Hotel-Restaurant-School-(370-ml)-p-1943542.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6288174&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:Bestnifly Automatic Soap Dispenser 3 Adjustable Modes Soap Quantity Non-Contact Electric Disinfectant Dispenser with Screen Display for Office Hotel Restaurant School (370 ml)Features:No contact, anti-infection: During this special time, we have to wash your hands. Simply place your hand under the sensor with the infrared sensor disinfectant dispenser to start it. Infrared detection within 0-6 cm, 0.5 s hand disinfectant, convenient for children. The contactless type can avoid secondary cross infection, ensure the health of the family and provide a healthy experience.3 levels of adjustable liquid volume: the capacity of the automatic disinfectant dispenser is 370 ml and there are 3 gears to adjust the amount of soap, which can be adjusted +/- with the switch. Level 1 liquid volume, 0.8 ml, suitable for hand washing; level 2 liquid volume, 1.6 ml, suitable for kitchen cleaning; level 3 liquid volume, 2.4 ml, for the bathroom; no wasted soap.Visible window: Made of ABS, durable, rust-proof, robust and durable; higher engine performance ensures a more stable liquid release and reduces backflow. The front of the sensor soap dispenser has a visible window that shows the liquid level.【Waterproof, non-slip, large capacity】With IPX4 waterproof technology, water or soap can prevent attacking the circuit board. There is a waterproof base and a rubber seal to prevent water from entering the battery box. The base rubber sealing ring is easy to clean, non-slip and suitable for many occasions. With a capacity of 370 ml, frequent soap changes can be avoided.【Delivery within one week】【Any time and anywhere】Suitable for all types of viscous liquids, compatible with all types of detergent, hand soap, body soap, detergent, shampoo, etc. It can be used in kitchens, bathrooms, office buildings, hospitals, banks, cafes, hotels, bathrooms, hairdressers, schools, bars, restaurants, etc.Specification:BrandBestniflyMaterialPlasticSize10 x 10 x 10 centimetresPackage Included:1 x Soap Dispenser 





