https://www.banggood.com/YIHUA-995D-2-In-1-Soldering-Station-Hot-Air-nozzle-Soldering-Iron-Repair-Desoldering-Welding-110V-or-220V-p-1129823.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=515154&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
YIHUA 995D 2 In 1 Soldering Station Hot Air nozzle Soldering Iron Repair Desoldering Welding 110V/220V







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















Features :


Dynamic wind speed LED display.
			Only one function setting bottom.conveniently.
			Adopts more powerful and stable CPU controller.
			-50 +50 Celsius temperature compensation function.
			Large-screen LCD display function shows is very glance.

Humanization Function
1.High temperature automatic protection and alarm functions.
2.User could choose the Fahrenheit / Celsius temperature show by personal habit.
3.Soldering iron with 0-99 minutes sleep time setting function which could save power and extend the iron life.
4.Hot air nozzle with Manual / automatic mode switching function. If you choose Manual mode which is suitable for long time use the nozzle. If you choose Automatic mode which is Suitable for short time use of nozzle.
When automatic mode, air nozzle automatically heating and cooling to stop standby energy saving. When Manual mode, air nozzle would working for very frequent use of hot air nozzle, time-saving heating up again.
5.Machine has cooling air function ,can facilitate users in a particular environment of rapid dismounting device or cooling and dust equipment.
6.Two TEMP. Mode storage:CH1/CH2.The user can according to the use habit, or the device characteristics of assembling and disassembling, to set or storage three difference mode( nozzle and iron temperature / airflow / display mode/iron sleep time/ nozzle AUTO. and Manual).
7.Fans with ABS protection, when fans is stuck or damaged,Fan would immediately turn off the heat detection program core intelligent power until the fault is rectified. Protection air nozzle handle and use environmentally.

Note: Due to the shippment can't indlucing the rosin, so, the tips cleaner didn't have rosin inside.


Package includeds :


1 x YIHUA 995D Solder Station

4 x Wind mouth

1 x Solder wire

1 x Soldering Wick CP-3015

		 

Details pictures :


			 


			 


			 


			 


			 


			 


			 


			 

			 


			 

			 


			 





,,,,,,,,,


