https://www.banggood.com/DANIU-12pcs-Unlocking-Lock-Pick-Set-+-10pcs-Key-Extractor-Set-+1pc-Transparent-Practice-Padlock-p-1194136.html?cur_warehouse=HK&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
DANIU 12pcs Unlocking Lock Pick Set + 10pcs Key Extractor Set +1pc Transparent Practice Padlock







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















Description:

	 

12pcs Unlocking Lock Pick Set + 10pcs Key Extractor Set +1pc Transparent Practice Padlock
	 

	 


	 

Features: 

	 


Lock Pick Set ↓

		The stainless steel hook lock pick set is specifically designed for locks with small or narrow keyways.

		The lock picks includes 1 x broken key extractor + 12 x single-hooks + 2 x transmission file tool.

		The fantastic designed picks include most styles of rake, hook, riffle, diamond and diamond-hook.

		Quantity : 15 piece(s) per pack

		Color : Silver + Black

		Material : Stainless steel

		 

Transparent Practice Padlock↓

		Lock with open chambers on all the moving parts that allow you to see how it work.

		Can see clearly that how the pians work when a key is inserted.

		In perfect smooth working condition with no loose parts or pins will come out.

		You actually can see the pins moving up and down as the key slides into and out of the lock.

		Overall Size: Approx. 5cm x 7.8cm x 2.3cm/ 1.97" x 3.07" x 0.91"

		 

Key Extractor Set↓

		Super meticulous design, suitable for house using, car, office locks with 10 different angles of lock pickers,

		Used for extracting broken keys from the lock so you can open and repair and blocked lock.

		Material : Plastic+Iron

		Color : Gray+ silver


	 

Package includes: 

	 

	1 x 12pcs Unlocking Lock Pick Set 

	1 x10pcs Key Extractor Set

		1 x Transparent Practice Padlock

		 


Details pictures: 























		 




,,,,


