https://www.banggood.com/Universal-Magnetic-Base-Holder-Stand-+-Dial-Test-Indicator-Gauge-Scale-Precision-p-1274201.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
Universal Magnetic Base Holder Stand + Dial Test Indicator Gauge Scale Precision







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Features: 

	 


1. Universal arm, 360 degree rotation, can be fixed at any angle, easy to use quickly.

2. Switch magnetic base, you can move at any time, no reaction, to avoid damage to the table and work surface.

3. The base is equipped with alloy permanent magnet, with anti-loose spring center locking mechanism, loading table end with a dovetail slot.

4. The head can be rotated with a fine-tuning device, in addition to holding ordinary dial indicator, lever table, but also hold the lever percentage with dovetail slot.

5. Smooth paint chrome universal arm, can be fixed at any angle, easy to use quickly, widely used for mechanical parts correction and technical measurement.

6. The workpiece axis is parallel to the work surface of the table in order to find and scribe the tool.

7. Simple structure, easy to use and maintenance, high sensitivity, accurate and reliable.


	 

Specification:

	 


Dial Test Indicator Gauge

1. Dial type and reading 0-40-0 balanced inch and 0-.25-0 balanced metric readings

2. Range 0-0.8mm

3. Graduations 0.0005"/0.01mm

4. Contact point length 1/2"

5. Dovetail clamps 3/8" and 5/32"

6. Mounting type Dovetail

Flexible Magnetic Base Holder Stand

1. Material: Metal

2. Clamping Hole Diameter: approx.8mm

3. One magnetic base.

4. There is On/Off switch on the base.

5. Designed with three joints.

6. Easy using for metalwork pieces.

7. It can used for dial indicator and lever dial indicator, etc.


	 

Package includes: 

	 


1 x Dial test indicator

1 x Magnetic Base Stand


	 

Details pictures: 












































