https://www.banggood.com/MUSTOOL-MT8206-2-in-1-Intelligent-Digital-Oscilloscope-Multimeter-with-Analog-Bar-Graph-p-1331666.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
MUSTOOL MT8206 2 in 1 Intelligent  Digital Oscilloscope Multimeter with Analog Bar Graph







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine



















Technology upgrades:



Waveform signal display within 20KHz + 3999 Counts Display Multimeter, such a amazing instrument!
More improvements , higher performance,  smaller size!

New Technology upgrades(For products shipped after 2018.10.05):

		According to the feedback information from our users, the MUSTOOL team has made some upgrades:
1.Silent mode
		2.Automatic sleep mode can be selected to open or close
		3.ACmV small signal waveform measurement


			 

>>>>WANT TO FIND ENGLISH USER MANUAL, PLEASE CLICK HERE<<<<

			       >>>>Click here to download panel calibration file fo MT8206<<<<            

View More  ↓↓↓
		 









					 

					MT8205

MT8206



					Max Display

					1999

					● 3999



					Screen

					Ordinary


						● HD display Screen; White on black; large view angle




					Bandwidth 

					AC 10KHZ

					● ACA/ACV/DCA/DCV 20KHZ



					Measuring Range

					Manual range

					● Manual/auto range



					Analog Bar Graph

					No

					● Yes



					Storage Capacity

					100 datas,  5 waveforms

					● 100 datas, 10 waveforms 



					Capacitance

					200μF

					● 0.1μF-100μF/10mF



					Frequency

					2KHZ-200KHZ

					●5HZ-5MHZ



					Resistance

					20MΩ

					● 40MΩ





			 




Features:
		 


1.Analog Bandwidth : ACV/DCV/ACA/DCA 20kHz , 200k high-speed A/D sampling

2.HD Display Screen

3.Digital multimeter with 41-segment analog bar display,200k high-speed A/D sampling,4000 counts auto-range(can be selected manually), one-button switch of graphical waveform display during measurement

4.High reliability with panel calibration technology and memory calibration, sparing the need for adjustment with potentiometer

5.Storing 100 sets of data and 10 waveforms independently

6.Capable of holding waveform and data during measurement,easy to view and analyze

7.Realizing one-button automatic waveform capture,operator-friendly to learn and operate

8.Displaying historical data and real-time measurement on the same screen with unique record reading mode for easy comparison

9.Effectively eliminating lead resistance, distributed capacitance or interference signals with relative value measurement (clearing)

10.Extending battery life with automatic shutdown function

11.Featuring DC/AC voltage/current, resistance,capacitance/mF (large capacitance)

12.Frequency/duty cycle, diode/continuity test

13.Frequency measurement with 5Hz ~ 5MHz automatic switching range and the maximum input of 380VAC

14.10A AC and DC current measurement with protection against voltage error

15.Capacitance double gear design 0.1nf-100uf gear position: convenient for small capacitors to measure quickly

16.10mf gear position: high capacitance and high accuracy are guaranteed

Silent mode: 

			Innovative design of the one-button "silent mode", quiet in mastery
			In the off state, press and hold the SELE button for two seconds  to turn it on to enter the “silent mode”;
			In the off state, press and hold the SELE button for two seconds to turn it on  again,it will exit the “silent mode”.
			When the meter enters the "silent mode", all beeps and prompt tone will be turned off.

Automatic sleep:

			Avoid the instrument sleeping in the background and use the battery to cause over-discharge of the battery.
			The meter without operation for 15 minutes (no rotary switch and button operation) will automatically enter the sleep state;
			Turn the rotary switch to OFF and then turn it on again, the meter will enter to normal measurement state.
			When the Instrument is in the off state, press and hold the AUTO button for two seconds to turn it on again , then the “auto sleep” function can be cancelled.
			In the off state, press and hold the AUTO button  for two seconds to turn it on and then release it to resume “auto sleep”. features.
			Tips • The main chip and the power of screen display are only turned off when the meter is automatically turned off, but there is still a part of the circuit working, which will have an operating current of about 4 mA.

ACmV small signal waveform measurement:

			ACmV small signal waveform measurement, you need to manually select the ACmv range first, then long press the "SELE" button to enter waveforms display.
			Press the“AUTO” button to realize one-button automatic capture fuction and display a stable waveform.
			When the frequency more than 10 kHz, the one-button automatic capture time will be longer.

New Arrival Recommendation ! ! !The Lastest 3 in 1 Pen-type Multimeter, MUSTOOL MT007 / MT007 ProMultimeter + Voltage test pen + Phase Sequences MeterPowerful function and Easy to carry(Only 17cm) Shopping Link>>>

Package Included:
				 

1 x MT8206 Unit
				1 x Bag
				1 x Pair of Probes 
				1 x English User Manual
				1 x Package Box
				 



Detail Pictures:

















