https://www.banggood.com/Wnew-Upgraded-Miter-Gauge-Brass-Handle-Table-or-Saw-Router-Miter-Gauge-Sawing-Assembly-Ruler-p-1400436.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
Wnew Upgraded Miter Gauge Brass Handle Table/Saw Router Miter Gauge Sawing Assembly Ruler







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Description:Upgraded woodworking miter gauge brass handle sawing assembly ruler fits for circular table saw/router table.
This one is larger than the iron one: 1220860, it is larger and more stable, ensuring your work more stable.

Specification:

	Material: Aluminum + Plastic + Brass 

	Application: Woodworking Tool

	Screw size: 6mm (M6)

	Standard Location Size: Width 3/4 "(19mm), Thick 3/8" (9.5mm) 
	Fit for 30mm T-track: such as: ID: 1063740.

	Suitable for Dewei 744, 745, Haiwei, steel table saws, band saws, Maki 2705 table saw.
	 
Features:

	- A miter gauge consists of a long thin guide, which mounts into the slot tabs of the table saw (some band saws also have tabbed slots),
	and guides the miter gauge parallel to the blade.

	- Tached to this guide is a half-moon-shaped piece that pivots on its point of connection to the guide.

	- A locking mechanism then allows these pivoting part to be locked in any angle.

	- A board is placed against the flat part of the gauge and the assembly as a whole (the miter gauge and board) is slid forward,
	allowing the saw blade to cut the end of the board to the prescribed angle .

	- Copper handle, large grip for comfort and strength.

	 
Package Included:
1 x miter gauge 

More Details: 





