https://www.banggood.com/12V-or-24V-Wind-Generator-Charge-Controller-300W-or-600W-Waterproof-Wind-And-Light-Hybrid-Controller--p-1422512.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
12V/24V Wind Generator Charge Controller 300W/600W Waterproof Wind And Light Hybrid Controller 







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specification:
	 

Name:12V/24V 300W/600W Waterproof Charge Controller Of Wind Generator

Model:B26386 

Material: Aluminium Alloy

Application:Wind Power Photovoltaic Controller

Color: Black

Product Model: SF-12-24-A

Battery Nominal Voltage: DC12/24V

Rated Power of Wind Turbine: 300W/600W

Lock Voltage of Wind Turbine: 15V/30V

Skid Recovery Voltage (Factory Set Value):13.5V/27V

Working Temperature And Humidity Range:-35~+75℃ 

The Static Current: ≤20 mA                                                                                                                                       

Size:approx. 76mm×102mm×23mm

Level of Protection: IP67


Note:
		 

 1.The wind generator output voltage and rated voltage of the battery is the same.

 2. According to the following procedure connection, first connect battery two polar, Yin and Yang, second, the connection of three-phase voltage wind turbines.

 3. Please in strict accordance with the requirements will be batteries and wind turbines, properly connected on the controller, connect reverse polarity or wrong behavior will lead to system work is not normal, even lead to controller completely damaged.




Features: 
		 

-  Automatic battery charging controller can control the wind generator. The battery is full, through internal automatic control circuit, the braking, when the battery voltage drops to the recovery voltage, the wind turbine to work, in order to protect the fan and battery.

- Comprehensive waterproof protection. This kind of controller adopts full seal completely waterproof design, protection grade reaches the IP67 above, even in water can normal use for a long time, improve the reliability.

		 

Performance: 
		 

- Reliability: Intelligent, modular design, simple structure, powerful functions; Industrial grade high-quality components and strict manufacturing techniques, which is suitable for relatively harsh working environments such as low temperature. It also has reliable performance and long service life.

		 

Connection Method:
		 

1. Batteries have a Yin and Yang, the controller also has the Yin and Yang, the two electric components with wires connected together, the red is the anode, black is the cathode

2. The wind turbine output three-phase ac voltage, the controller three-phase input terminal (green line), can wire together.

		 

Package Included:
		 

1X  Wind And Light Hybrid Controller 

 1X Manual
















