https://www.banggood.com/Raitool-48VF-Cordless-Electric-Impact-Drill-Rechargeable-3-or-8-inch-Drill-Screwdriver-W-or-1-or-2-Li-ion-Battery-p-1593335.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=531931&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
Raitool 48VF Cordless Electric Impact Drill Rechargeable 3/8 inch Drill Screwdriver W/ 1 or 2 Li-ion Battery







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















SPECIFICATIONS:

	Brand: Raitool

Color: Yellow

Max. Torque: 36NM

Voltage:110-240V

Battery: 21V  5*1500mAh 

No-load speed: 0-1350r/min

	 

FEATURES:
	 

1. 21V detachable lithium battery, durable and reliable. And the smart charging can be quickly charged and discharged for long-lasting life.

2. 2 Adjustable Speed & Reversible: This drill features a 2-speed setting, delivers optimal performance. with trigger that allows to control your own drilling speed which perfects for what you are setting up for. A extra press switch allows you to either forward or reversely based on your purposes.

3. 25+3 torque adjustment to meet the needs of different situations of torque.

6. Over-current protection, over-voltage protection, over-temperature protection, charge and discharge protection.

7. Bright LED light enables high performance in low-light settings.

8. Ergonomics Design: Lightweight and small size make this drill easy to handle. Ideal for most any household jobs,such as drilling and screw driving tasks into wood, metal, plastic and more. Anti-slip soft silicone handle provides extra comfort and make it hand in tight.

	 

WARNING:

To reduce the risk of injury, wear safety boggles or glasses with side shields.

	 

Package include:
	 

1 x Electric Drill

1 x Charger

1 or 2 x Battery (Optional)

1 x Instruction manual

More details:





