https://www.banggood.com/37Pcs-Powerful-Locksmiths-Tools-Kit-Combination-Lock-Pick-Hook-and-Lock-Pick-Tool-p-1645006.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
37Pcs Powerful Locksmith's Tools Kit Combination Lock Pick Hook and Lock Pick Tool







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Features:

15 In 1 Stainless Steel Hook Lock Pick Set:
1. The stainless steel hook lock pick set is specifically designed for locks with small or narrow keyways.
2. The lock picks includes 1 x broken key extractor + 12 x single-hooks + 2 x transmission file tool.
3. The fantastic designed picks include most styles of rake, hook, riffle, diamond and diamond-hook.

Specification:

Transparent Padlock:

1. 100% Brand New and High Quality
2. Cutaway Practice Disc Type Padlock
3. In perfect smooth working condition with no loose parts or pins will come out
4. Transparent see-through lock and durable lock picks
5. Great for beginners, excellent teaching & training tool

Lock Pick Tool:

1. This lock pick tool can be used to open most of pin tumbler locks, double track car locks.
2. It comes complete with 4 pick blades and 1 tension wrench.
3. With strong jump head and big adjustable extent.
4. A convenient tool special designed for locksmith or lock picks hobby's need.
Color : Silver
Material : High Quality Steel
Dimensions : 4.02 in x 0.51 in x 4.02 in (10.2 cm x 1.3 cm x 10.2 cm)

5 In 1 Credit Card and 3PCS Torsion Tools:
1. 100% brand new and high quality. The lock opener tools set
2. 5pcs lock picks training tool (in 1pc x credit card designed case) Comes with a credit card design ed case for storage and easy carrying.
3. Perfect for locksmith practice training skill.
Product color: Silver
Material: Metal
Lock pick size: about 7.3 x 1.2 x 0.2cm (1pc)
Please NOTE: the 5pcs lock picks are hidden in the credit card designed case.

6pcs Padlock Shim Picks Set:
Padlock shims are formed pieces of thin yet stiff metal designed to take advantage of mechanical imperfections and tolerances in the latching design of some popular brands/models of locks. In other words, padlock shims are a bypass tool, not a pick.
An easy way to open many padlocks is to utilize Padlock Shims; It made of very thin spring steel, our padlock shims come in several sizes to fit the contour of the hasp of the lock.
Just push one down between the hasp and the body of the lock and twist to disengage the locking mechanism. Pretty slick !

Package included:

1 x Padlock Set with 2 Keys
12 x Lock Pick Hooks
1 x Black PU Bag
1 x Credit Card +5 x High Quality Pick Hook
6 x Tension Wrenches
6 x Padlock Shim
4 x Torsion Tools
1 x Lock Pick tool

Details Pictures:

























