https://www.banggood.com/12V-54Pcs-Electric-Engraving-Pen-Kit-Regulated-Speed-Mini-DIY-Etching-Drilling-Polishing-Pen-For-Jewelry-Diamond-Wood-p-1684916.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=477576287842&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
12V 54Pcs Electric Engraving Pen Kit Regulated Speed Mini DIY Etching Drilling Polishing Pen For Jewelry Diamond Wood







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:Type:Electric Engraving Tool KitColor:Black/RedVoltage:100-240VPlug:EU/US PlugSingle Speed:20000Variable Speed:3000-20000Collet Size:0.3-3.2mmQuantity:54Pcs/Set Feature:-- STEPLESS SPEED. The speed of the electric engraver pen can be adjusted from 3000 to 20000 RPM (Revolutions per Minute), easily control the engraving / drawing paths. Usually, low speed for metal and wood, fast speed for glass and ceramic.-- FUNCTIONAL VERSATILE. The scriber etchers of electric engraving tool set is suitable for drilling holes, grinding, graving and cutting. There are 6 different style polishing heads with sanding ring. And 8 unique stencils meet all your needs from fine lines to deep grooves which help you to polish and complete any engraving more quickly and easily.-- COMFORTABLE HANDGRIP. Light and compact pen-like design provides comfortable use for engraving performance from fine lines to deep grooves, you can hold like a pen, Ergonomic grip adds extra comfort and steady control, allow you perform intricate work without excessive stress on your wrist or hand.-- DURABLE & RELIABLE. Electric portable drill is suitable for decorate or personalize a wide variety of materials, can be used for etching, polishing wood, metal, leather, glass, plastic, acrylic nail, pet manicure, ceramic, wood, leather. Engrave for protection against theft etc.-- MULTIPLE ACCESSORIES. This DIY vibro engraving tool including complete to finish your engraving work, Engraver Pen, Carbide Scribe,Diamond Bits, Polishing Tips, Sanding Band Sleeves, Stencils and ruler ect.. Package included:1 x Engraving Tool1 x Engraver Pen1 x Ruler1 x Power Adapter1 x User Manual1 x Nail Grinding Head Box(6Pcs Sanding Band+6Pcs Nail Drill Bits)8 x Stencils30 x  Diamond Bits Operation:1.This tool is design for carver, engrave, rout, grind,sharpen,sand, polish, drill and more.2.Unplug the tool form electrical outlet before loading a bit.3.Press shaft lock button. Use the collet wrench to loosen the collet nut. Inset the bit ( not included).and tighten the collet securely. But avoid excess tightening of the collet nut and never use a damaged bit.4.There is an ON/OFF switch. When the switch is on, the tool runs at 3000RPM. There isa switch indicatorwith anorange line on it. Slide the switch to find the speed needed from 3000-20,000RPM. Slide the switch to the black dot for complete stop.5.When finishecMurn off the tool and unplug it. Safety Rules:1.Always unplug the tool when you change accessory or collet.2.Do not engage the shaft lock button while the tool is running.3.Do not use the machine near water or place it in water.If motor falls into water, unplug it immediately and do not touch the water.4.Do not touch the bit or collet after using it because the bit and collet are too hot to be touched by bare hands.5. Keep dust out of you eyes and lungs by using a protective eyewear or dust masks.6.Always "unplug it" after using the machine.7.When not used, tool must be stored in a dry place and kept far from children. 




