https://www.banggood.com/11-or-22-or-35-or-50L-Distiller-Moonshine-Ethanol-Alcohol-Water-Spirit-Still-Boiler-Set-p-1793218.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=566858&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
11/22/35/50L Distiller Moonshine Ethanol Alcohol Water Spirit Still Boiler Set







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:1. This set of home distiller is a complete Distiller sets; it is very easy to be set up and use, It's particularly suitable for the production of spirits with a strong aromaa ( brandy, whiskey,fruit brandy, etc.) , also for essential oils ( perfumes, remedy, and liquors ) but most of all for high graded alcohol. it can make pured water also , and We have tested every parts before ship;2. The construction is all Stainless steel which has been argon welded thus avoiding any of the health problems associated with copper and solder constructed stills. 3. Welding technique: The item is argon welded to avoid any of the health issues associated with welding and solder constructed alcohol stills. 4. THERE IS NOT ANY LEAD IN ALL THE PARTS OF THE PRODUCTS, AND ALL THE PARTS ARE FOOD-GRADE MATERIALS ;Heat source: induction cooler, gas stove, or any other electric or open fire heat sources will be ok. Features:- Using 201 food grade stainless steel, health and more durable.- Large space for purification,more ideal effect.- Remove more water content and impurities,thus making it purer.- Coall gas,natural gas and firewood heating methods are all supported.- The container can be used as fermentation tank.- A thermometer attached on the top, ranging from 0-150℃- Used for: distilling water, purifying water, distilling brandy, and refining plant extracts for medicinal purposes.Notes:1. Please clean and dry the distiller after using.2. Replace the cooling water in the bucket when the water temperature exceeds 40℃Package Included:1 x 201 Stainless Boiler1 x Condenser Keg1 x Pipe2 x Silicone Pipe1 x Thermometer1 x Lees Filter Bag4 x Silicone Pad4 x Connector1 x Tape1 x Measuring Cylinder1 x Spoon3 x Steaming plate accessories4 x ClampDetails Pictures:




