https://www.banggood.com/SCULPFUN-Laser-Cutting-Honeycomb-Working-Table-Board-Platform-for-CO2-or-Diode-Laser-Engraver-Cutting-Machine-300x200mm-Easy-observing-Table-protecting-p-1890347.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
SCULPFUN Laser Cutting Honeycomb Working Table Board Platform for CO2 or Diode Laser Engraver Cutting Machine 300x200mm  Easy-observing Table-protecting







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Main feature:1. Necessary accessories for laser cutting: After using this laser cutting honeycomb table to cut wood, acrylic and other materials, the edges of the wood are neat and clean, not easy to be yellowed by smoke, and you can get a clean cutting work .2. Cutting through observable design: SCULPFUN honeycomb  table contains a very convenient cutting and observation design. When the laser cuts through wood or acrylic, the metal plate at the bottom of the honeycomb will emit a bright light, which means that the cutting has penetrated. Solve the problem that ordinary engraving machine is difficult to judge whether cutting through.3. Safe metal desktop protection board: SCULPFUN honeycomb Board is equipped with a metal desktop protection board, which can protect the table from laser damage, which is very suitable for  many different diode laser engravers.4. Square measuring ruler: X-axis and Y-axis contain precise scale lines to form a right-angle measuring ruler, which is convenient for you to measure the size of cutting objects quickly.5. Wide compatibility: The machine can be compatible with various mature laser engraving machines, such as diode DIY laser engraving machine and CO2 laser engraving machine.6. All-metal high flatness: SCULPFUN is all made of metal, processed by high-precision CNC, solid structure not easy to deform, and high flatness.Product information:Material: high-strength steelProduct size: 300*200mmProduct thickness: 22mmDiameter of honeycomb mesh: 9mmPackage weight:  0.8KGPacking size: 31x21x3cmPacking list:1× SCULPFUN honeycomb panel1× 200x300mm metal desktop protection board




