https://www.banggood.com/10W-Portable-uSDX-8-Band-SDR-All-Mode-Transceiver-USB,LSB,CW,AM,FM-HF-SSB-QRP-Transceiver-QCX-SSB-with-Battery-p-1890124.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6286073&rmmds=CategoryToolsPop
10W Portable uSDX 8 Band SDR All Mode Transceiver USB, LSB, CW, AM, FM HF SSB QRP Transceiver QCX-SSB with Battery







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















>>Please Click Here to Download the English User Manual<<NOTE：The latest version of the product appearance upgrade, performance improvement！！！Description:This is a shortwave QRP SSB/CW transceiver. It boasts 1602 screen, built-in battery, equipped with charger, built-in mic, built-in speaker! It can be connected to an automatic key, and can be decoded by cw.Features:- Using IRF series launch tube, durable- Can be used by connecting the antenna (M seat)- 8 bands. Power standing wave digital display! External 13.8v maximum power 10w! Built-in 12.6v battery- Dimensions: 76 x 46 x130mm/3 x 1.8 x 5.1"- Provide ft8 option connector later- Use TCXO for KDS. Accuracy 0.5PPM (1PPM per year)- Aluminum shell laser marking- All-aluminum knobs! Translucent silica gel button (receive green, emit red)Function List:- Simple, interesting and versatile QRP SSB HF transceiver with embedded DSP and SDR functions- EER E-level driven SSB launch stage- 13.8V power supply provides about 10W PEP SSB output- Full mode support: USB, LSB, CW, AM, FM- DSP filter: 4000, 2500, 1700, 500, 200, 100, 50Hz passband- DSP function: automatic gain control (AGC), noise reduction (NR), voice trigger, voice trigger Xmit (VO1X), RX attenuator attenuator (ATT), TX noise gate, TX driver control, volume control, dBm/S-meter- SSB reverse sideband/carrier suppression transmission: better than -45dBc, IMD3 (two tones) -33dBc, reception: better than -50dBc- Multi-band support, continuously adjustable in the 160m-10m frequency band (and performance loss from 20kHz..99MHz)- Open source firmware, built in for Arduino IDE; allows experimentation, can add new functions, can share contributions through Github, software complexity: 2000 lines of code- Software-based VO1X can be used as a fast full invasive (QSK and semi-QSK operation), or to assist in running in digital mode (without CAT or PTT interface) for RX/TX switching, external PTT output with TX/PA control-delay- Simple installation modification with 8 component changes and 8 wires- Lightweight, low-cost transceiver: Thanks to EER transmitter E-level, it has high power efficiency (no bulky heat sink required), and simple design (no need for complex balanced linear power amplifiers)- SSB transmitter stage based entirely on digital and software: By controlling the phase of the SI5351 PLL (via the tiny frequency change of I2C over 800kbit/s) and the amplitude of the PA (via the PWM of PWM) to sample the microphone input and reconstruct the SSB signal. PA key shaping circuit)- Fully digital and software-based SDR receiver stage (optional): sample the I/Q (complex) signal from the quadrature sampling tester digital mixer, and perform a 90-degree phase shift in the software (Hilber transform) and eliminate one by adding sidebands- Three independent switchable analog front-end receiver attenuators (0dB, -13dB, -20dB, -33dB, -53dB, -60dB, -73dB)- Receiver noise level MDS: -135 dBm (200Hz BW) at 28MHz- Receiver front-end selectivity: steep tuning frequency -45dB / ten times roll-off +/- 2kHz- Blocking dynamic range: 20kHz offseIt 123dB, 2kHz offseIt 78dB- CW decoder, straight/Iambic-A/B keyer- VFO A/B + RIT and and Split, and switch the corresponding relay band filter through I2C- CAT support (TS480 subset), you can stream audio, press keys, and display text through CAT- This is probably the most cost-effective and easy to build standalone SDR/SSB transceiver. Great simplification Simplifies the original QCX circuit (that is, reduces the installation components by 50%, reduces the installation components by 50%, does not require complex transformer windings, and does not require alignment procedures), and is more versatilePort Introduction:- Charge: Charging port of the built-in lithium battery and you can only use the supplied charger! It is forbidden to use other chargers!- Switch: OFF to shut down. BAT: Built-in battery power supply. 13.8: External power supply- DC13.8V/3A: External power supply port- KEY: automatic key body connection (A, B, single key)- PA: External power amplifier, PTT signal- MIC: External microphone port- UART: Serial communication port (command compatible with TS-480)- SPK: External speakerPackage Included:- 1 x Set of Transceiver




