1274389
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/C6/99/317a0ddd-44d1-4cc3-85ec-f67b52163d56.jpg
Remote Control Door Lock Wireless Lock Anti-theft Lock Automatically Intelligence Household for Home
https://www.banggood.com/Remote-Control-Door-Lock-Wireless-Lock-Anti-theft-Lock-Automatically-Intelligence-Household-for-Home-p-1274389.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine


















Features :



Dual core dual system, faster, more responsive.

Two different ways to open and close, with the remote control and the spinning roulette.

Easy and firm installation with the external mounting plate.

Remote controls with digital conversation system, it cannot be decoded or duplicated.

Long service life, made of stainless steel.

Power saving mode and low battery consumption.

Once the main batteries are depleted, you can operate the backup battery.

The bottom panel design makes installation easier and firmer.

The lock tongue and main parts are made of stainless steel, without fading.

Suit in: office  home  hotel  Anti-theft door  Corridor door  Wooden doors  garage door and etc.
		 


Specification :



Maximum distance of remote control: 10M (open distance can be farther)

Power supply: 4AA batteries 1.5V+1 battery 23A12V

Unlocking current:100mA

Battery life: 4 batteries can last up to 16months in standby mode

Operating temperature: -20~70degree

Humidity between 20% and 80%

Dimensions:133 x 77 x 37mm


Note:

About emergency opening

If all the controls are lost or the lock cannot be opened with controls, there is an emergency opening mode.

When installing the lock, note the place where the emergency opening point is located.

In case of needing to use the emergency opening, a hole of 3 to 4mm must be drilled in the door where the emergency opening is located. Once the drill is done, use a screwdriver to turn the screw and open the lock.
			 



Package includeds :



1 x Lock body (without battery)

1 x Lock body bottom pinch plate

1 x Latch seat (Inside door, outside door can be used)

4 x Remote control

1 x Instructions

1 x Screw pack

1 x 23A 12V battery
		 


Details pictures :






















,,,,,



