1326823
https://imgaz3.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/F4/AF/fb1bf50c-fad0-415a-9475-ff0a2080994c.JPG
433Mhz DC12V 1CH Wireless Remote Control Switch Relay Receiver Module + 2 RF Transmitter
https://www.banggood.com/433Mhz-DC12V-1CH-Wireless-Remote-Control-Switch-Relay-Receiver-Module-+-2-RF-Transmitter-p-1326823.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















NOTE: 

	 

The system can store for 15pcs of remotes, if the remote get more than 15pcs, the initial remote control will be lost.


Feature:
	 

Wiring type: fixed terminal

Standby current: <5MA

Input power: DC10V-14V

RF frequency: 433Mhz

Receive sensitivity: >97dbm

Output terminal: NO, NC, COM

RF working mode: Superheterodyne

Decoding mode: MCU software decoding

Transmitting distance: >100m ( open space)

Support remote type: Learning code, Fixed code(Rolling code can be design)

Working mode: Momentary, Toggle, Latching Time delay (5s, 10s, 15s )

	 

About Working mode:

	 

- Momentary: Push the remote button, the relay connects, release the remote button, the relay disconnects.

- Toggle: Push once the remote button, the relay connects, push twice the remote button, the relay disconnects.

- Latching: Push the remote button A, the relay connects, push the remote button B, the relay dis-connect.

- Time delay mode: Push the remote control button, the relay connects, from when releasing the remote button, after 5s or 10s or 15s, the relay disconnect automatically.

	 

Clearing the code:

	 

Push the learning button on the receivers for 8 times, the codes will be cleaned.

After clearing the code, all the remote control cannot work anymore.

	 

1. Learning the code: (Momentary)

Push the learning key on the receiver once time, it comes into the momentary setting mode.

Wait for a moment, the LED will be off , it comes into learning state.

Push the remote button, LED indicator on the receiver board will flash then come off.

After 3 seconds, the LED indicator will be on again, learning successfully.

	 

2. Learning the code: ( Toggle )

Push the learning key on the receiver twice, it comes into toggle setting mode

Wait for a moment, the LED will be off, it comes into learning state.

Push the remote button, LED indicator on the receiver board will flash then come off.

After 3 seconds , the LED indicator will be on again , learning successfully.

	 

3. Learning the code: ( Latching )

Note: When you choose for latching mode, in order to learn more remote control, you need to learn two different button, the first time learned is for "ON", the second time learned for "OFF".

For example: button A = ON , button B = OFF

Push the learning key on the receiver triple time, it comes into latching mode.

Wait for a moment, the LED indicator on the receiver board will flash then come off.

Push the remote button A.

LED flash for 5 times.

Push the remote button B.

LED flash for 5 times.

After 3 seconds, the LED indicator will be on again , learning successfully.

A = ON , B = OFF.

	 

Package included:

	 

2 x Remote Control Transmitters (including battery)

1 x Remote Receiver Module (including Shell)

	 

Notes:

	 

1. Manual measuring, please allow 1 ~ 3mm error, thank you.

2. Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item. We guarantee the style is the same as shown in the picture.






















