1694146
https://imgaz3.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/2D/58/b16341ed-8868-4ef7-837d-baa43f86d322.jpg
Portable DIY Mini Spot Welder Machine with LCD Display Automatic Touch Welding Mode for 18650 Battery 12V Car Battery Super Capcitor
https://www.banggood.com/Portable-DIY-Mini-Spot-Welder-Machine-with-LCD-Display-Automatic-Touch-Welding-Mode-for-18650-Battery-12V-Car-Battery-Super-Capcitor-p-1694146.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















1.5M Foot Switch for This Spot Welding Machine: ID 1747573This kind of controller has a very large instantaneous welding current, 100 to 200A, and the heat inside the mos tube is also very large! Therefore, when testing the machine, the welding energy should start from the minimum, and the welding can be guaranteed. Don't set too large! The most important thing is to pay attention to the range of the power supply and the thickness of the welded nickel strip! If the nickel band is too thick, the tube will burn easily!Notice: Please read the instructions in the package carefully,We donot provide extra technical support for it. Please make sure you know how to config it before purchasing.Features:1. Wide selection of welding power supply: lithium battery power supply or 12V car battery.2. The controller is controlled by a single chip microcomputer, and the output pulse is accurate to ensure the welding quality.3. With LCD display screen, can display welding parameters.4. The welding pen and the input line are connected by U-shaped cold-pressed terminals, which is convenient for disassembly and replacement.5. Using automatic touch welding mode, while retaining the manual trigger interface, you can choose according to your own use.6. The board uses 2 Gusi copper to increase the overcurrent capacity.7. Using 5*300A MOS tubes, non-disassembled MOS tubes.8. The MOS tube driver adopts the imported special chip driver. The fastest MOS tube can be hit with 20nS. The switch is fast to prevent the explosion of the tube and the non-triode push-pull drive.9. The MOS drive design adds a transient diode to protect the MOS and prevent the explosion of the tube.10. 10AWG multi-filament flexible wire is used for the welding pen line and the input line to increase the overcurrent capacity.11.The controller is mainly for welding nickel-plated steel strips from 0.1mm to 0.15mm.12. A 25V10000uF high-frequency low-resistance capacitor is added to the power input for energy compensation, which increases welding stability.Instructions for Use:1: Power ConnectionThe controller comes with a 20cm long 10AWG input wire. One end has been crimped with a U-shaped terminal, and the other end has not been processed. Connect the crimped U-shaped terminal to the control power input terminal, and the other end is processed according to its own power supply. Do not connect the negative electrode wrong.2: Switch on and offThere is a power switch under the control board. After pressing, wait for 3 seconds. After the buzzer drops, the LCD lights up and the boot is complete. Press the power switch again to shut down.3: Screen description and parameter adjustment.WELD ENERGY: 01-99 (adjustable by up and down keys)INPUT: Display input power voltageWELD WAY: Manual / Auto (Adjust via the "square label" button.)4: WeldingKeep the welding pin clean. If the welding pin is polished into a round head, the welding effect can be improved. There are manual and automatic methods.Specification:Material: MetalInput line length: app.20cm/7.87inLength of welding pen: app.30cm/11.81inColor: Red+Blue+BlackBattery: 18650 lithium battery(not included)Quantity: 1SetNote:The controller comes with a 20cm long 10AWG input cable. One end has been crimped with a U-shaped terminal and the other has not been processed. Connect the crimped U-shaped terminal to the control power input terminal, and the other end is processed according to its own power supply.There is an ignition switch underneath the control board. After pressing, wait 3 seconds. After the bell rings, the LCD screen lights up and the boot is complete. Press the power switch again to close it.Please allow 1-2cm size errors due to manual measurement.Item color displayed in photos may be showing slightly different on your computer monitor since monitors are not calibrated same.Package Included:1 x Controller2 x Welding Pen2Pcs x Power Input Line (Red and Blue)1 Pair x U-shaped cold-pressed terminal (used to connect to input power)1 x Black Plug (When you choose manual mode, It need an external trigger switch to connector black plug.)





