1715998
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/92/E4/23712635-bc64-46f6-b464-69ae54e51e0e.jpg
SONOFF SNZB-03 - ZB Motion Sensor Handy Smart Device Detect Motion Trigger Alarm Work with SONOFF ZBBridge Via eWeLink APP
https://www.banggood.com/SONOFF-SNZB-03-ZB-Motion-Sensor-Handy-Smart-Device-Detect-Motion-Trigger-Alarm-Work-with-SONOFF-ZBBridge-Via-eWeLink-APP-p-1715998.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















OverviewIf your concern is not only about home security but about using motion to turn on or off the light, well, SONOFF SNZB-03 maybe makes you feel amazing.This ZB motion sensor is an extra-handy smart device for placing anywhere in your home to detect motion and trigger alarms. That means the sensor will send an instant alert notification to your mobile phone whenever the motion is detected if this security system is armed. If you have a SONOFF ZBBridge, you can connect the sensor to it to activate Wi-Fi devices, not merely ZB devices. For example, you can set a scene for your living-room light so that it will automatically turn on when you walk through the living-room. The new camera feature is used to make you know who is approaching your home and capture the video ever earlier than before. Boasts 110°view field and 6m detection rang and you can early receive an alert message of someone’s presence, accordingly taking measures to reduce the possibility that your house is threatened. Share control is available for multiple users to check and monitor your home together. Easy and tool-free installation, 3M adhesive installation significantly saves your time. Powered by the battery which is convenient to stick it on any place that you want to monitor. Feature:- Create smart scenes to activate Wi-Fi smart devices.- Detect movement and trigger alert messages.- Turn on/off the devices through your movement.- Work with the SONOFF camera to monitor your home.- 6m detection distance and 110°viewing angle.- Share the sensor to your family to together keep eyes on your home.- 3-month history records check.- Low-battery notification.- Quick peel and stick installation.Specification of SONOFF SNZB-03:Battery: 3V(CR2450);Wireless protocol: ZB (IEEE 802.15.4);Material: PC;Dimension: 35X39X28mmDownload Center:SONOFF SNZB-03 User ManualSONOFF SNZB-03 Quick Installation GuidePackage included:1 x SONOFF SNZB-03 Motion Sensor





