1789000
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/98/76/c7485987-f35f-46e6-8d0d-76513506197b.jpg
Ender-3 V4.2.7 Mute Super Quiet Motherboard + Touch Auto Leveling Sensor Kit for Ender-3/Ender-3 pro 3D Prinetr
https://www.banggood.com/Ender-3-V4_2_7-Mute-Super-Quiet-Motherboard-+-Touch-Auto-Leveling-Sensor-Kit-for-Ender-3-or-Ender-3-pro-3D-Prinetr-p-1789000.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Introduction of Mainboard:Super
 quiet. Compatible with Creality Ender 3, Ender 3 Pro, Ender 5 3D 
printer. PLEASE NOTICE: It only plug and play for Ender-3 & Ender 3 
Pro. If you want to install it on Ender-5, please flash Ender-5 
firmware. You can download firmware here. 
https://www.creality.com/downloadDriver
 - TMC2208 driver & Marlin 1.1.8 for V1.1.5 board while TMC2225 
driver & Marlin 2.0.1 for V4.2.7 board. Bootloader preinstalled on 
both version boards.Update
 Firmware - If the board you received is V1.1.5 please flash firmware 
with ISP cable. If the board you received is V4.2.7, please copy the 
firmware file to a formated SD card with no other files in it. Turn off 
the printer and unplug the power cord. Insert the SD card & power 
cord, and turn on the printer. Wait 10s to complete the firmware 
updating process.Thermal runaway protection is enabled. The Board is Optimized by Circuit, effectively solve the Heating Problem.Introduction of BLtouch:BLTouch is a type of semiconductor hall sensor and is an electronic component for 3D Printers.BL
 Touch is an auto-leveling sensor for 3D Printers that can precisely 
measure the tilt of the bed surface. It could work with any kinds of bed
 materials, such as glasses, woods, metals, and so on.BLTouch
 is fulfilled with simple structure and high precision by using 
progressively designed solenoid and hall sensors. It aims for user 
convenience and enjoyable printing by adding many smart functions, such 
as self-test, alarm, alarm release & Touch Switch mode, Blue LED for
 servo signal indicating, and Z-probe(Zmin) Testing. Features:The
 main functions and controls of BLTouch are the same as the usual auto 
bed leveling sensor, which consists of an RC servo and microswitch. 
Thus, BLTouch can be applied on almost every board.Self-test： The push pin operates two times in a test when the power is on.Alarm：The LED light blinks if a problem was found on a self-test or during operationWiring defect indicator：Blue and Red LED for indicating wiring defects.Easy
 to Use: This auto bed leveling sensor makes it easier to level the 
hotbed, which can precisely measure the tilt of the Bed surface. Bed 
leveling is not a problem anymore.Intelligence
 self - check and alarm: The function of auto leveling is adopted to 
make it easier to use and to increase the success rate of shaping.Note:Some 3D printer motherboards have insufficient 5V power supply and may require an external 5V power supply, which shows that the probe is difficult to push out, or the logiccircuit protection main control restarts during operation. If encountered, it is generally recommended to use a DC-DC step-down module to take power from the main power supply. 

  1. +5V and GND should not be connected reversely for a long time, it may burn

  2. Please try to keep away from strong magnets, motors, fans, and other magnetic components
  3. Accidentally hitting the probe plastic rod may damage or affect the detection accuracy
  4. Adjusting or reassembling the set screw of the probe requires thread glue

  5. Please avoid deformation of the shell when installing the probe

6. Pulling the aluminum rod hard will damage or affect the detection accuracyPackage Included:1 x Mainboard1 x BLtouch with cable





