1819053
https://imgaz3.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/5B/6F/ea642b6c-7c34-4552-ad19-8d6b8607d087.jpg
[bluetooth Call] Bakeey U98 1.7inch Full Touch Screen Blood Pressure Oxygen Monitor Multi-Sports Modes Smart Watch
https://www.banggood.com/bluetooth-Call-Bakeey-U98-1_7inch-Full-Touch-Screen-Blood-Pressure-Oxygen-Monitor-Multi-Sports-Modes-Smart-Watch-p-1819053.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=224&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Features:1. 1.7 inch large full touch screen;2. Custom dial, personalized watch dial display;3. Blood pressure monitor & blood oxygen monitor & sleep monitor, as your health assistant;4. Multi-sports modes, professional sports assistant;5. Music control & remote camera control;6. Multiple UI modes with smart knob;7. Password protection to protect personal privacy;8. Body temperature detection;9. 45 days or so long standby life;10. IP67 waterproof ;11. Synchronous weather forecast.Specification Brand Bakeey Model U98 Color Black, White, Pink, Blue Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android 4.4 or above , iOS 7.0 or above APP Name V Band APP Language English, Chinese, traditional Chinese, Japanese, French, German, Russian, Korean, Greek, Italian, Portuguese, Arabic, Spanish, Persian, Thai, Turkish Watch Support Language English, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Arabic, Spanish, Farsi, Portuguese Notification Push Support Language English, Chinese, traditional Chinese, Japanese, French, German, Russian, Greek, Italian, Portuguese, Arabic, Spanish, Persian, Thai, TurkishSpecial Features Waterproof IP67 bluetooth Calling Support Heart Rate Monitor Support Blood Pressure Monitor Support Blood Oxygen Monitor Support Sleep Monitor Support Body Temperature Detection Support Weather Forecast  Support Multi-sport Modes Support  Pedometer Support Calorie Burning Track Support Call or Message Reminder Support Notification Push Support  Auto Light-up Screen Support  Customized Dial Support Stopwatch Support  Do Not Disturb Mode Support Other Functions Support Alarm, Calendar, Sedentary reminder, Camera remote control, Music control, Find mobile phoneTechnical Parameters Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.7inch Type: TFT            Resolution: 240*240 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 200mAh  Standby Time: About 45 days Using time: About 7 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details Band and Size Band Material: TPU Product size: 44*38*12.5mm 1*Bakeey U98 Smart Bracelet 1*Charging Cable 1*User Manual Tips:1.Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2.Please download the app before usage in order to compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1.The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first time use.2.If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3.Try to activate your watch by pressing the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully？1.Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2.Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch .3.If your watch still can’t be charge successfully, please contact our customer services right away. Please click the customer service.- Why is there no charging cable in my package I received?There is a charging cable in the separate box inside, please check it carefully. And if you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to your phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim for more than 30mins on swimming pool, because it is not a professional swimming watch.





