1820384
https://imgaz2.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/D5/48/c96f6ba9-43c8-43c6-8a23-9d0af8bed13f.jpg
12S 36V Lithium Battery 3.2V Power Protection Board 15A-180A with Temperature Protection Equalization Function Overcurrent Protection BMS PCB
https://www.banggood.com/12S-36V-Lithium-Battery-3_2V-Power-Protection-Board-15A-180A-with-Temperature-Protection-Equalization-Function-Overcurrent-Protection-BMS-PCB-p-1820384.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=515283&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















BMS is for battery use, different strings are not compatible.E.g: 13S BMS, can not be used for 10S battery, can only be used on 13S battery.Description:Range: nominal voltage is 3.2V lithium battery (including 18650, 26650, polymer battery).Function: Overcharge protection function, over discharge protection function, over current protection function, short circuit protection function, battery balance management function, temperature protection function.Products: 7S or more adopts Zhongying integrated scheme circuit, and 7S or less adopts single-section cascade scheme circuit.    Temperature protectionZhongying Integrated Circuit SolutionThree proof paintThe 8-24S is equipped with NTC temperature control to achieve functions such as charging temperature protection and discharge temperature protection,effectively improving the safety of battery use, and solving potential safety hazards caused by thermal runaway of batteries.The protection board responds accurately and sensitively, which has more advantages than traditional solution, saves circuit space, and the parameters can be adjusted according to customer's customization to achieve the disconnection protection function.All circuits are coated with three anti-paints, which can effectively prevent electrostatic damage, prevent short circuits caused by humid environments, prevent air oxidation, and extend service life.         New Class A MOSStrong heat dissipationSend matching cableThe use of AVIC MOS can ensure product quality, low internal resistance during discharge, and low temperature rise during long-term discharge, without affecting the output of the battery, making the control safer.The heat sink is anodized, and the heat-conducting silica gel is cushioned to improve the heat dissipation efficiency. The structure is transparent and has a better temperature environment than the sealed type. Long-term discharge does not affect performance.White and red colors are sent randomly with the same effect.ChargingCharge current：Same as continuous currentCharging voltage：44.4VOver charge protectionOvercharge detection voltage：3.7V±0.05VOvercharge release voltage：3.6V±0.05VOvercharge protection delay：600uSOver discharge protectionOver discharge protection voltage: 2.2V ± 0.1VOver discharge release voltage：2.5V±0.1VOver discharge detect delay：600uSBalanceBalance detection voltage：3.55VBalanced release voltage：3.55VBalance current：35mA±5mA Discharge protectionInstantaneous current: continuous current * 2.5Overcurrent detection delay：600uSOver discharge detect voltage：100mVOvercurrent protection release condition：Disconnect loadShort circuit protectionShort circuit protection condition：External load short circuitShort circuit detection delay：600uSShort circuit protection release condition：Disconnect loadTemp ProtectionCharging temperature: -20~55 ℃Discharge temperature: -20~70 ℃Remove temperature control protection: within working temperatureInner resistanceMain circuit on-resistance：≤10mΩSelf electricity consumeWorking current：≤100uASleep current (when the battery is over-discharged)：≤20uAWorking Temptemperature range：-20℃/+80℃Package Included:1 x 12S 36V Lithium Battery 3.2V Power Protection Board 15A-180AUse the queue of operations:1. The cable starts from the black thin wire connecting B-, the second wire (the thin red wire) is connected to the positive pole of the first attery, and the positive pole of each battery is connected in turn until the last red wire is connected to B+;2. After connecting the cable, do not insert the plug directly into the BMS. Measure the voltage between each two adjacent metal terminals on the back of the plug. If the voltage of the terpolymer battery should be between 2.8V and 4.2V, the iron-lithium battery should be between 2.5V and 3.65V.3. After correct wiring queue and voltage confirmation, insert the BMS socket.4. The protective board B line (blue thick line) is connected to the negative pole of the battery pack.5. After the wiring is completed, measure whether the total voltage of the battery pack and the total voltage passing through the BMS are equal. If they are different, check again according to the above wiring queue.Tips: The battery pack protection board, which is a semi-finished product of electronic products, is a wearing part in case of wrong use. If you don't understand how to use it, please read the manual carefully or ask the customer service. Any wrong use will burn out the front-end sampling resistor. We will not accept such disputes of customer damage. Please do not buy if you mind. 





