1853857
https://imgaz2.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/E8/7F/d59ea040-a87e-436d-b8f2-d6f09adf4135.jpg
SONOFF PIR3-RF 433MHZ RF PIR Motion Sensor 100° Angle Work with SONOFF RF Bridge via eWeLink APP Alarm Notification Smart Scene For Smart Home
https://www.banggood.com/SONOFF-PIR3-RF-433MHZ-RF-PIR-Motion-Sensor-100-Angle-Work-with-SONOFF-RF-Bridge-via-eWeLink-APP-Alarm-Notification-Smart-Scene-For-Smart-Home-p-1853857.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Decriptions:The difference with SONOFF PIR2 RF motion sensor is that PIR3-RF has a small and compact size, easy to be used in almost any position to detect the movement.SONOFF PIR3-RF motion sensor can detect and report motion. When used for your home security system, it can detect the movement within 8M and help identify whether a human or pet is moving around inside your house, and your mobile phone will receive an alert notification. Connect SONOFF camera and you can view who is the intruder. When incorporated into your smart lifestyle, the sensor triggers your light on or off after connecting with SONOFF RF Bridge. You can set a scene that the hallway light is turned on when you enter the door.With the universal joint, the sensor can be flexible to rotate a full 360°horizontal angle and 90°vertical angle which allows you to adjust the sensor into an optimal angle to view everything in your home (The sensor doesn’t move on its own based on your motion). Another convenience for your home is that you can use the sensor for a position where the movement is not easy to be detected via mounting it in the universal joint, and just rotate the universal joint head to get a wonderful detecting angle. Plus, you can directly stick the sensor on the surface of objects to detect the movement. Just choose one as you like.PIR3-RF has 2 working modes that alert and normal mode. In the alert mode, the sensor is triggered per 5s when someone enters the detection range. In the normal mode, the next alert trigger is activated if there is no motion detected within 1min after the previous detection.Note:1. The PIR3-RF sensor requires SONOFF 433MHz RF Bridge to work.2. The universal joint is not included, please purchase it separately.Specification:Model: PIR3-RF;RF: 433MHZ;Detection Distance: <=8m(indoor space);Detection Angle: 100°Power Supply:3V button cell(Battery model: CR2450, not included);Material: PC V0;Download Center:Product SpecificationQuick User GuideUser ManualCertification: FCC, CEPackage included:1 x SONOFF PIR3-RF 433MHZ RF PIR Motion Sensor





