1927034
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/BF/6E/e61b7766-277b-4693-88c8-41be80b8ac35.png
Xiaomi Redmi Watch 2 Lite 1.5 inch HD Screen Multi-system Standalone GPS 100 Fitness Modes 24-Hour Heart Rate Tracking SpO2 Monitor 5ATM Waterproof Smart Watch Global Version
https://www.banggood.com/Xiaomi-Redmi-Watch-2-Lite-1_5-inch-HD-Screen-Multi-system-Standalone-GPS-100-Fitness-Modes-24-Hour-Heart-Rate-Tracking-SpO2-Monitor-5ATM-Waterproof-Smart-Watch-Global-Version-p-1927034.html?cur_warehouse=HK&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















﻿Xiaomi Redmi Watch 2 Lite, Get fit, Start now.1.55" colorful touch display I 100 + fitness modes I 5 ATM water resistance I Blood Oxygen measurement and 24-hour heart rate tracking I Multi-system standalone GPS I Up to 10 days of battery life More wonderful functions, Looking forward to your discovery.Specification Brand Xiaomi Redmi  Model Watch 2 Lite Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android 6.0 or above; iOS 10.0 or above Operating Mode Full-Touch APP Name Mi Wear Watch Language English, German, Italian, French, Spanish, Dutch, Portuguese, Turkish, Polish, Ukrainian, Romania, Czech, Greece Russian., Thai Vietnamese,Brazilian Portuguese Indonesian, Traditional ChineseSpecial Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Message Reminder Reject Call APP Notification  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Stress Monitoring Breathing Training Female Health Sleep Monitor Exercise and Record 100+ Sport Modes Pedometer Calories Distance Timer Application Music Control Idle Alerts Weather Alarm Find My Phone Do Not Disturb Mode Dial Market (100+ Watch Faces)Technical Parameters Waterproof 5ATM Sensor Optical heart rate sensor, Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Electrons Compass GPS/GLONASS/Galileo/BeiDou Screen Size: 1.55" Type: TFT Resolution: 320*360 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 262mAh Using time: About 5-10 days Charging Time: About 1.5 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details Material Band Material: Silicone Watch Case Material: ABS Size Dimensions: About 41.2*35.3*10.7mm Weight: About 35g (including strap) Packing List 1* Redmi Watch 2 Lite Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User ManualTips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.





