1934102
https://imgaz2.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/DC/43/2e57c341-0e16-4c11-b41d-5e29d6b89da3.jpg
LOKMAT PD7 MAX+ 1.82 inch 360*420 pixels IPS Full Touch Screen bluetooth Calling NFC Heart Rate Blood Pressure SpO2 Monitor Multi-sport Modes IP67 Waterproof Smart Watch
https://www.banggood.com/LOKMAT-PD7-MAX+-1_82-inch-360+420-pixels-IPS-Full-Touch-Screen-bluetooth-Calling-NFC-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-SpO2-Monitor-Multi-sport-Modes-IP67-Waterproof-Smart-Watch-p-1934102.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryElectronicsPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















 If you have other questions about the watch, you can click here to see the watch instructions.Specification Brand LOKMAT Model PD7 MAX+ Bluetooth Version BT 3.0+ BT5.0 Operating Mode Full-Touch Compatible OS Android 5.1 or above; iOS 9.0 or above APP Name RDFit APP Language Simplified Chinese, English, Russian, Spanish, German, Italian, French, Portuguese, Polish, Dutch, Greek, Turkish, Romanian, Japanese, Chinese (Traditional), Hebrew, Danish, Serbian, Swedish, Czech, Slovak, Hungarian, Arabic UI Language Simplified Chinese, English, Russian, Spanish, German, Italian, French, Portuguese, Polish, Dutch, Greek, Turkish, Romanian, Japanese, Chinese (Traditional), Hebrew, Danish language, Serbian, Swedish, Czech, Slovak, Hungarian, ArabicSpecial Features Information Reminder bluetooth Calling Call Reminder Reject the Call Message Reminder Address Book Call Logs Call ID Display  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Sleep Monitoring Breathing Training Exercise and Record Multi-sport Modes Step Count Calories Distance Exercise Track Application Camera Control Music Control  Brightness Adjustment Alarm Clock Timer Stopwatch Calendar Weather Display Calculator Ali-pay WeChat Pay Multi-dial Switching Custom Dial Password Protection Split Screen Voice Assistant Find Phone Do not Disturb ModeTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP67 Screen Size: 1.82 inch Type: IPS Resolution: 360*420 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 330 mAh  Battery Life: About 5-7 days Charging Time: About 3 hours Charging Type: Magnetic  ChargingAppearance & Details Material Watch Material: Zinc Alloy Band Material: Silica Gel Size Dial Size: About 38*45*11mm Band Width: About 22mm Packing List 1* LOKMAT PD7 MAX+ Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User ManualTips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.





