1260765
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/93/F5/f99ccfac-1448-4407-a4f1-149b09590bf4.jpg
KALOAD I5A Smart Sports Wristband Sedentary Call Reminder Sleep Management Fitness Tracker
https://www.banggood.com/KALOAD-I5A-Smart-Sports-Wristband-Sedentary-Call-Reminder-Sleep-Management-Fitness-Tracker-p-1260765.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=230&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specifications:

Case Material: PC

Band Material: TPU


bluetooth Version: bluetooth 4.2

People: Unisex table

Waterproof: YES (Living Waterproof)

Waterproof Rating: IP67

Colors: Purple, Red, Black, Blue

Screen: YES

Screen Type: OLED

Battery Type: Lithium-polymer Battery

Battery Capacity: 55mAh

Standby Time: About 5 - 7 days

Functions: Steps Counting, Smart Shooting, Sedentary Reminder, SMS Reminding, Call Reminder, Incoming Calls Show, Calories Burned Measuring, Sleep Management.


Features:


1.Sports tracking: It can be used as a tool to avoid insufficient or excessive exercise by measuring calories consumption based on collected data, such as number of steps, distance, speed, time etc. to control exercise.

2.Monitoring the quality of sleep: According to your quality of sleep, calculate the depth and length of shallow sleep, then you have targeted to improve the living habits; Shaking reminder design used to remind you it is time to wake up.

3.Remote camera: You can control the camera of you cell phone to take pictures. Easy operation, extraordinary experience! You just need to turn over your wrist or touch the screen to switch the interface.

4.Call and message reminding: When a call or message is coming, you can check it without taking out of your mobile phone.

5.Life Waterproof: You could not swim or diving with it. Personalized display function: 0.87 inch OLED touch screen can show 32 characters in large font. With it on your wrist, you can know who is calling and who sent message to you etc.



Package Includes:

1 x Smart Wristband

1 x USB Charger

1 x User Manual











,,,,,,,,



