1844584
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/4F/F9/68e8d93b-6547-4dec-8974-eeb8f03df45f.png
Original Huawei Band 6 1.47 inch AMOLED FullView Display Wristband Heart Rate SpO2 Stress Monitor 95 Workout Modes  Fitness Tracker BT 5.0 Waterproof Multi-language Support Smart Watch
https://www.banggood.com/Original-Huawei-Band-6-1_47-inch-AMOLED-FullView-Display-Wristband-Heart-Rate-SpO2-Stress-Monitor-95-Workout-Modes-Fitness-Tracker-BT-5_0-Waterproof-Multi-language-Support-Smart-Watch-p-1844584.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287844&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Tips:1. Huawei Band 6 is not a medical device. The SpO2 data is for reference only and cannot be used for diagnosis and treatment.2. The difference between the Chinese version and the global version is only the difference between the box and the manual. The parameters, functions and supported languages of the bracelet are completely the same. And the Chinese version will not affect your use. Thank you for your support!Features:1. 96 Workout Modes2. TruSleep2.0 Sleep Tracking3. 1.47 inch FullView Screen4. 2-Week Battery Life5. SpO2 Monitoring6. 24/7 Heart-Rate MonitoringSpecification Brand Huawei Model Band 6 Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android 6.0 or above, iOS 9.0 or above Operating Mode Full Touch + Button APP Name Huawei Health App Language Support Multi-language Band Language Chinese, English and other common languagesSpecial Features Waterproof 5ATM Waterproof Heart Rate Monitoring Support Blood Oxygen Monitoring Support Stress Monitoring Support Menstrual Cycle Tracking Support (Only Android phones are supported.) Sleep Tracking Support Sedentary Reminder Support Music Control Support (Only Android phones are supported.) Remote Control Support (Only EMU18.1 and above versions of Huawei phones are supported.) Flashlight Support Weather Support Step Count Support Calories Support Stopwatch Support Alarm Clock Support Multi-Sport Modes Support 93 Sport Modes, can intelligently recognize sports gestures Call or Message Reminder Support Reject Call Support Call ID Display Support Find the Phone Support Dial Market SupportTechnical Parameters Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.47 inch Type: AMOLED Resolution: 194 x 368 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 180 mAh  Standby Time: About 10-14 days Using time: About 7 days Charging Time: About 65 mins Charging Type: Magnetic fast chargingAppearance & Details Weight and Size Dial Size: about 43x25.4x10.99mm Product Weight: about 18g 1* Huawei Band 6 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Dock (Including A Charging Cable) 1* User Manual Q&A- Why doesn't my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn't charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.3. If your watch still can't be charge successfully, please contact our customer services right away. Please click the customer service.- Why is there no charging cable in my package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging port.2. If your watch isn't USB charging and you  don't receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.





