1881759
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/9B/90/53f9ca73-4d37-4925-84bb-43e78d560c1e.png
[4-SATELLITE/3 Modes GPS] Zeblaze Stratos 1.32 inch 360*360px Screen HR SpO2 VO2 Max Monitor 120 Sports Modes 25 Days Standby 5ATM Waterproof Outdoor Smart Watch
https://www.banggood.com/4-SATELLITE-or-3-Modes-GPS-Zeblaze-Stratos-1_32-inch-360+360px-Screen-HR-SpO2-VO2-Max-Monitor-120-Sports-Modes-25-Days-Standby-5ATM-Waterproof-Outdoor-Smart-Watch-p-1881759.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Main Features:- 4-Satellite / 3-Modes GPS: GPS, GLONASS, GALILEO, BEIDOU- 1.32 inch HD Color Touch Screen- VO2 max Measurement- 120+ Sports Modes- Spo2 Level Measurement- 25 Days Battery Life- 5ATM Waterproof- CompassSpecification Brand Zeblaze Model Stratos Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible System Android 6.0 or above; iOS 9.0 or above Operating Mode Full Touch APP Name Zeroner APP Languages English, Japanese, German, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, Russian, Thai, Norwegian, Polish, Turkish, Swedish, Czech, Korean, Ukrainian, Dutch. System Languages English, Japanese, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish. Message Push Languages English, Japanese, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish.Special Features Waterproof 5ATM Waterproof GPS GPS/GLONASS/GALILEO/BEIDOU 7/24 Heart Rate Monitor Support Blood Oxygen Monitor Support  Sleep Quality Monitoring Support  Stress Management Support VO2 max Support Breath Training Support Calorie Burn Tracking Support Sport Mode Support (120+ Sports Modes) Customize Watch Face Support Activity Tracking Features Step Counter, Move Bar (Displays on device after a period of inactivity of inactivity; Walk for a couple of minutes to reset it), Auto Goal (Learns your activity level and assigns a daily step goal), Calories Burned, Real-time Pace & Distance. Compass Support Daily Smart Features Smart Notifications, Event, Calendar, Weather , Controls Smartphone Music, Find My Phone, Find My Watch, Do Not Disturb Modes, Reminders To Move. Sedentary Reminders Support  Drink Water Reminders Support  Weather Forecast Support  Clock Features Time/Date, GPS Time Sync, Automatic Daylight Saving Time, Alarm Clock, Timer, Stopwatch, Countdown, Sunrise/Sunset Times. Stopwatch Support Technical Parameters Sensor Heart Rate Sensor Pulse Ox Blood Oxygen Saturation Sentor G-sensor Accelerometer Screen Size: 1.32 inch Type: IPS Pixel: 360*360 Material Band: Durable and comfortable silicone Bezel: Zinc Alloy Case: Carbon fiber reinforced polymer Battery Battery Capacity: 580mAh Battery Saver Watch Modes: Up to 25 days Smartwatch Modes: Up to 14 days Max Battery GPS Modes: Up to 40 hours Charging Time: About 2.5 hours Charging Method: Magnetic Charging DockAppearance & Details Size & Weight Watch Diameter: About 47*47mm Case Thickness: About 14mm Wrist Circumference: About 140-230 mm Band Width: 22mm Weight: About 60g Package Included 1* Zeblaze Stratos Smart Watch  1* Charging/data cable 1* User ManualTips: 1. Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1.The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2.If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3.Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1.Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2.Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.3.If your watch still can’t be charge successfully, please contact our customer services right away. Please click the customer service.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1.Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charger.2.If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.





