1888120
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/C7/76/7b5468a9-5dfa-4e82-afd3-924854404fc4.jpg
[bluetooth Call] Zeblaze GTR 2 1.28 inch HD Color Touch Screen SpO2 Heart Rate Blood Pressure Monitor IP68 Waterproof BT5.0 Smart Watch
https://www.banggood.com/bluetooth-Call-Zeblaze-GTR-2-1_28-inch-HD-Color-Touch-Screen-SpO2-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-Monitor-IP68-Waterproof-BT5_0-Smart-Watch-p-1888120.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287849&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Main Features:- 1.28 inch HD Touch Screen- BT 5.0, BT Calling- SpO2 Monitor & Heart Rate & Blood Pressure Monitoring- 20+ Sports Modes- 14 Days Battery Life- IP68 WaterproofSpecification:Specification Brand Zeblaze Model GTR 2 Chip Realtek 8762C Bluetooth Version 5.0 Compatible System Android 6.0 or above; iOS 9.0 or above Operating Mode Touch Screen  APP GloryFit Watch Languages Chinese, English, Portuguese, German, Turkish, Spanish, French, Italian, Arabic, Russian, Dutch, Korean, Japanese, Hindu, Czech, Polish, Indonesian. APP Languages Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English, Italian, Portuguese, Korean, Japanese, German, Spanish, French, Arabic, Hindi, Polish, Russian, Dutch, Turkish, Indonesian, Czech.Special Features Clock FeaturesTime/Date, Alarm Clock, Timer, Stopwatch Health MonitoringHeart Rate(Abnormal Heart Rate Alerts), SpO2 Level Measurement, Blood Pressure monitoring, Sleep Score and Insights, Calorie Burn Tracking. Daily Smart FeaturesSmart Notifications, Weather, Controls Smartphone Music, Find My Phone, Find My Watch, Do Not Disturb Modes, Sedentary Reminder. Activity Tracking FeaturesPedometer, Move Bar (displays on device after a period of inactivity; walk for a couple of minutes to reset it), Auto Goal (Learns your activity level and assigns a daily step goal), Real-time Pace & Distance. Sport Modes Outdoor Running, Cycling, Skipping, Badminton, Table Tennis, Tennis, Mountaineering, Walking, Basketball, Football, Baseball, Volleyball, Cricket, Rugby, Hockey, Dancing, Spinning Bike, Yoga, Sit-ups, Indoor Running, Gymnastics, Boating, Jumping Customize Watch FaceSupport Waterproof IP68 Waterproof Incoming Call Support Raise the hand to light the screen SupportTechnical Parameters Sensor Heart-rate sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer Screen Size: 1.28 inch Type: LCD Pixel: 240*240 Pixel Material Bezel: AL Case: ZMJ Band: TPU Battery Battery Capacity: 230mAh Standby Time: 14 days Using Time: 7 days Charging Time: About 1.5 hours Charging Method: MagneticAppearance & Details Size&Weight Dial: About 44*44*14mm Wrist Circumference: 140-230 mm Band Width: 22mm Weight: 59g Package Included 1* Zeblaze GTR 2 Smart Bracelet  1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual  Tips:  1. Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products. 2. Please download the app before usage to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1.The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2.If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3.Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1.Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2.Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.3.If your watch still can’t be charge successfully, please contact our customer services right away. Please click the customer service.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1.Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charger.2.If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch. 





