1889721
https://imgaz3.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/71/18/8438d4f7-2084-4d13-b5ef-99549cfc5f37.jpg
ELEGIANT C530 1.3 inch Full Touch Screen Heart Rate Sleep Monitor 50 Days Standby Customize Watch Faces IP68 Waterproof Smart Watch
https://www.banggood.com/ELEGIANT-C530-1_3-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-Heart-Rate-Sleep-Monitor-50-Days-Standby-Customize-Watch-Faces-IP68-Waterproof-Smart-Watch-p-1889721.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=6287832&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification Brand ELEGIANT Model C530 Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Operating Mode Full Touch ScreenSpecial Features Waterproof IP68 Heart Rate Monitor Support Sleep Monitor Support Pedometer Support Calories Support Distance Support Stopwatch Support Timer Support Multi-watch Faces Support Custom Watch Faces Support Call or Message Reminder Support Reject Call Support Multi-sport Modes Support  Notification Support Do not Disturb Modes Support Smart Alarm Clock SupportTechnical Parameters Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.3 inch Battery Battery Capacity: 340aAh Using time: about 16 days Standby Time: about 45-50 days Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details 1* ELEGIANT C530 Smart Watch  1*Charging Cable 1*User Manual  Tips: 1. Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.3. If your watch still can’t be charge successfully, please contact our customer services right away. Please click the customer service.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charger.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch. 





