1902125
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/BC/5E/09f4d1a9-1e1b-45cd-a8fc-1a9909a6aeb3.jpg
DT NO.1 DT1 Ultra-light 1.8 inch Full Touch Screen ECG Heart Rate Monitor bluetooth Call AI Voice Assistant 200 Watch Faces Smart Watch
https://www.banggood.com/DT-NO_1-DT1-Ultra-light-1_8-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-ECG-Heart-Rate-Monitor-bluetooth-Call-AI-Voice-Assistant-200-Watch-Faces-Smart-Watch-p-1902125.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=510655&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















The 13 Main Features of DT NO.1 DT11. 1.8 inch Full-touch Screen + Convenient Button Operation2. 320*385 pixels 320 PPI3. QR Code on the watch, Easily to add friends and collect money4. 180mAh Big Battey, Standby Time for more than 30 days5. 200+ Dials in Dial Market6. 7 Menu Styles7. Custom Watch Dials, Design Your Own Fashion8. Automatic Heart Rate Monitor9. Convenient Music Control10. GPS Run Route Track11. AI Intelligent Voice Assistant12. bluetooth Calling12. Multi Sports Mode13. IP68 WaterproofSpecification Brand DT NO.1 Model DT1 Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android system 4.4 version or above; iOS system 10.0 version or above Operating Mode Full Touch Screen+ Press Button APP Name Wearpro App Language Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English, Korean, German, Spanish, Japanese, French, Italian, Russian, Portuguese, Arabic, Ukrainian, Thai Watch Language English, Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Danish, Greek, Latin, Romanian, Turkish, Hebrew, Czech, Polish, Spanish, German, Russian, Portuguese, French, Japanese, Italian, Vietnamese, Korean , Arabic, PersianSpecial Features Information Reminder Bluetooth Call Call Reminder Message Reminder Call ID Display Reject Call Notification  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor Sleep Monitor Menstrual Cycle Reminder Exercise and Record Multi-sport Modes Pedometer Calories Distance GPS Run Route Track (set in the APP) Application Music Playback (Connect to call Bluetooth can play mobile phone music) Camera Control Brightness Control Split Screen Display Stopwatch Weather Calculator Dial Market Custom Watch Face Password Protection Find the PhoneTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP68 Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.8 inch Type: IPS                 Resolution: 320*385 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 180mAh Standby Time: About 30 days Using time: About 7 days Charging Time: About 3 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Material Band Material: Silicone / Steel Weight and Size Product size: about 43*37*11mm Product Weight: ahout 36g Band Size: about 20*250mm Packing List 1* DT NO.1 DT1 Smart Bracelet 1*Charging Cable 1*User ManualTips: 1.Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2.Please download the app before usage in order to compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1.The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2.If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3.Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1.Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2.Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in my package I received?1.Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2.If your watch isn’t USB charging and you  don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure and other health functions are for reference only, not as a medical basis. 





