1905133
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/47/EE/ca79ea61-3188-4b2f-9bed-f82701b9bffa.jpg
Bakeey W12 1.3 inch Full Touch Screen BT Call Heart Rate Blood Oxygen Pressure Monitor 320mAh Long Standby IP68 Waterproof BT5.0 Smart Watch
https://www.banggood.com/Bakeey-W12-1_3-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-BT-Call-Heart-Rate-Blood-Oxygen-Pressure-Monitor-320mAh-Long-Standby-IP68-Waterproof-BT5_0-Smart-Watch-p-1905133.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=510659&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification Brand Bakeey Model AW12 Chipset MTK2502C Bluetooth Version BT 3.0+5.0 Flash Memory 64M+256M Compatible OS Android system 4.0 version or above; iOS system 8.5 version or above Operating Mode Full-Touch APP Name Fitfly Languages Chinese, English, French, Spanish, Polish, Portuguese, Italian, German, Czech, Vietnamese, Russian, Arabic, Thai, Greek, Hindi, BurmeseSpecial Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Message Reminder Call ID Display Reject Call  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Sedentary Reminder Sleep Monitor Exercise and Record 4 Sports Modes: outdoor running, indoor running, outdoor walking, and indoor walking. Pedometer Calories Stopwatch Sports Record Application BT Call Music Control Camera Control Alarm Reminder Weather Information Phone Search Bright AdjustmentTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP68 Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.3 inch Resolution: 240*240 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 320 mAh  Standby Time: About 10 days Using time: About 3-5 days Charging Time: About 2.5 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Material Band Material: Stainless Steel Watch Case Material: Stainless Steel + Alloy Size Band Width: 22mm Band Length: About 190mm  Weight: About 240g Packing List 1* Bakeey AW12 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual (English Version)Tips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.





