1914092
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/62/D7/21851437-d70a-4c5a-9cd2-7c1d3effc5af.jpg
SENBONO SD-2 Full Touch Screen GPS+GLONASS+Beidou Positioning Heart Rate Blood Oxygen Monitor IP68 Waterproof BT5.0 Outdoor Smart Watch
https://www.banggood.com/SENBONO-SD-2-Full-Touch-Screen-GPS+GLONASS+Beidou-Positioning-Heart-Rate-Blood-Oxygen-Monitor-IP68-Waterproof-BT5_0-Outdoor-Smart-Watch-p-1914092.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287842&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Features:1. 1.69" color full-screen touch. 2. A variety of exquisite dials, APP can push dials, and the watch can save 6 pieces. 3. 24H continuous real-time dynamic heart rate, can measure dark skin.       4. Support localized UI languages in multiple countries.Specification Brand SENBONO Model SD-2 Bluetooth Version bluetooth 5.0 Memory 64K+128M Compatible OS Android 4.4 and above, iOS 9.0 and above Operating Mode Full-Touch APP Name F Fit App Language English, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Japanese, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Russian, Portuguese, Malay, Korean, Polish, Thai, Romanian, Bulgarian, Hungarian, Turkish, Czech Languages, Slovak, Danish, Norwegian, Swedish, Filipino, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, Dutch, Croatian, Arabic, Indonesian, GreekSpecial Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Message Reminder Reject Call APP Notification Alarm Reminder  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Sleep Monitor Sedentary Reminder Exercise and Record GPS+GLONASS+Beidou Multi-Sport Modes Reach the Goal Timer Pedometer Stopwatch Calorie  Distance Application Remote Camera BT Music Alarm Clock Do Not Disturb Find Phone Set up Multi-Watch FacesTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP68 Sensor G-Sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.69 inchType: TFT Resolution: 320 x 320 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 260 mAh (typical value) Standby Time: About 30 days Using time: About 14 days, About 1 Days (GPS Mode) Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Material Band Material: TPU Watch Case Material: Aluminum alloy Weight and Size Dimensions: About 52.0*37.0*11.5mm Min. & Max. Wrist Dimensions: Fits a wrist between 5.5 and 7.7 inch Weight: About 45.5g Packing List 1* SENBONO SD-2 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual (English Version)Tips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.





