1925260
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/D7/85/54cd0112-2597-4faa-9a43-be1fb7ebfa5b.jpg
North Edge E102 1.28 inch Full-Touch Screen ECG Monitor Heart Rate Blood Pressure SpO2 Body Temperature Measurement IP67 Waterproof 230mAh Smart Watch
https://www.banggood.com/North-Edge-E102-1_28-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-ECG-Monitor-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-SpO2-Body-Temperature-Measurement-IP67-Waterproof-230mAh-Smart-Watch-p-1925260.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification Brand North Edge Model E102 Bluetooth Version BT4.2/5.0/5.1 Chip NRF52832 Compatible OS Android 4.4 or above, iOS 8.0 or above Flash 64MB Memory 160KB RAM Operating Mode Full-Touch Screen APP Name SmartHealth APP Languages Chinese, traditional, English, Japanese, German, Russian, Italian, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Thai, Czech, Greek, Polish, Vietnamese, Turkish, Romanian, Hungarian, Danish, Finnish, Arabic, Ukrainian, Hebrew, Persian, Irish, Slovak, Norwegian, Korean, Croatian, Swedish   Watch Languages Chinese, English, Russian, German, French, Japanese, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Polish, Malay, Traditional Chinese, Korean, RomanianSpecial Features Information Reminder   Call Reminder Call Rejection Message Reminder Information Reminder  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor  Blood Oxygen Monitor ECG Monitor Body Temperature Measurement Respiratory Rate Sleep Monitor Sedentary Reminder Exercise and Record 7 Sports Modes, Running, such as cycling, fitness, table tennis, badminton, basketball, rope skipping. Stopwatch Pedometer Mileage  Calorie Consumption Application Remote Control Music Control Local Weather Alarm Clock Find the Watch Do Not Disturb Mode Brightness Adjustment Turn Wrist to Light the ScreenTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP67 Sensor Heart Rate Sensor, G-Sensor Screen Size: 1.28 inch Type: IPS Pixel: 240*240dpi Battery Battery Capacity: 230mAh Standby Time: 7-30 Days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Type: Magnetic ChargingAppearance & Details  Material Band Material: Silicone Watch Case Material: PC Weight and Size Size: About ¢42.7*11.75mm Band Width: About 22mm Band Length: About 254mm Net Weight: About 47g Packing List 1* North Edge E102 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual (English Version)Tips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.





