1936395
https://imgaz2.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/A9/9D/28ee57ba-3835-4338-bb43-3969e7e8f81a.jpg
GOKOO SN87 Ultra-thin 1.4 inch Full Touch Screen Heart Rate Blood Pressure SpO2 Monitor 15 Sports Modes 30 Days Standby IP68 Waterproof Smart Watch
https://www.banggood.com/GOKOO-SN87-Ultra-thin-1_4-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-SpO2-Monitor-15-Sports-Modes-30-Days-Standby-IP68-Waterproof-Smart-Watch-p-1936395.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287849&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification Product Name SN87 Bluetooth Version BT 4.2 Operating Mode Full-Touch Compatible OS Android 5.0 or above; iOS 9.0 or above APP Name Yfit APP Language Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English, Japanese, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Danish, Russian, Polish, Thai, Swedish, Finnish, Korean Watch Language Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English, German, Spanish, Japanese, French, Russian, Ukrainian, Italian, PortugueseSpecial Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Reject Call Message Reminder  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Sleep Monitor Sedentary Reminder Drink Water Reminder Exercise and Record Multi-sport Modes (support 15 sports modes) Pedometer Calories Distance Activity Tracking Application Music Control Camera Control Weather Display Alarm Clock Stopwatch Calendar Multi Dials  Find PhoneTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP68 Sensor Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.4 inch Type: TFT Resolution: 240*240 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 170 mAh  Standby Time: About 30 days Using Time: About 7 days Charging Type: Magnetic ChargingAppearance & Details Material Watch Material: Zinc Alloy Band Material: Stainless Steel/ silicone Weight and Size Case Size: About 33.5*45*9.5 mm Band Size: About 20*246 mm Packing List 1* SN87 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User ManualTips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.In return for the support of our new and regular customers, we have prepared a free gift for you. To anyone who buys Black/ Gold/ Purple GOKOO SN87, we will send you an alternative silicone watch strap. But the silver one doesn't come with silicone straps.





