https://www.banggood.com/8000mAh-Solar-Waterproof-Portable-Charger-Dual-USB-Battery-Power-Bank-p-1124246.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=224&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
8000mAh Solar Waterproof Portable Charger Dual USB Battery Power Bank







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Feature:

	-100% new and high quality.

	-High conversion rate, bottom heat, the average conversion efficiency of about 88%.

	-Cell phone charger compatible with various digital devices, large capacity, easy to use, light where there is power, cycle life never power.

	-Front with solar panels absorb light energy into electricity, gently Double-click the power button can turn on the back of the flashlight LED.

	-Head has dual USB output interface, waterproof and dustproof, which can give two mobile phone charging.

	-Using high quality imported environmentally friendly lithium-ion batteries, more than 80% capacity, sustainable long charge and discharge, stable performance.

	-Get a carabiner, outdoor portable, rechargeable at any time for outdoor emergency.

	-Applicable to all types of market most of phone, PDA, digital camera, MP3, MP4, PSP game consoles, is travel, tourism, long-distance travel ship, field operations and other environmental standby power.

	 

How to charge:

	- Connected to the computer, connect the cable with the connector, and then to insert the DC-IN jack, USB USB connector and the other end connected to the computer.

	-USB Adapter, connect the cable with the connector, and then insert the product DC-IN jack, USB connector and the other end of the USB DC 5V adapter.

	- Charging lamp blinks when fully lit.

	 

Precautions:

	- The first use of the product set is fully charged.

	- In the process of charging the electronic device, when the battery indicator turns off, the product electricity shortage, need timely charging.

	- When in use, please turn on the electronic device screen, confirm charging connection flag displayed correctly, guaranteed to work.

	 

Specifications:

	Product name: Solar Power

	Material: Plastic

	Color: Black, orange, green, yellow

	Size: Approx. 16x7.5x1.5cm/6.29"x2.95"x0.59"

	Batteries Type: Lithium-ion polymer batteries

	USB Output: USB1: DC 5V 1A, USB2: DC 5V 2A

	Power Capacity: 8000mAh

	 

Package Include:

	1x Solar Power

	1x Carabiner







,,,,


