https://www.banggood.com/3-in-1-7mm-6LED-Rigid-Waterproof-USB-Type-C-Borescope-Inspection-Camera-1-or-2-or-3_5-or-5M-or-10M-p-1158472.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=45763&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
3-in-1 7mm 6LED Rigid Waterproof USB Type C Borescope Inspection Camera 1/2/3.5/5M/10M







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Functions and Features

Android mobile phone have OTG softwareand PC have Window software . Micro Type-C USB2.0 Endoscopy is a new type of electronic products. This product advantages: small size, light weight, . It can adjust the brightness of the six LED lights, computer can directly take connection by OTG with some phones link (support OTG), can take photos, videos, record the entire process of examination, convenient observation and analysis of follow-up.
 
Application Fields:

The USB system and part of the smartphone software amphibious borescope has waterproof design, can be widely used in the inspection of the motor vehicle maintenance, sewer detection, security search and rescue, forensic customs, archaeological detection, industrial lines video inspection, aerospace, car shipping, oil drilling, metallurgy, boiler, railway Bridges, tunnels, buildings, municipal, etc in various fields have been widely used .

Specifications:

	Camera head outer diameter: 7mm
	Total length: 1m/2m/3.5m/5m/10m

	Waterproof level: IP66

	Resolution: 640*480, 1280*720  30ftps

	Android Phone Micro / Type-C (support OTG) / USB 2.0 windows2000/windows xp/vista/windows7/windows8

	Focaldistance: 6cm

Note: 
This product through the USB interface connected to the computer, but can be by standard OTG conversion head connected to the phone, if you use this product for the first time, please put "video installation program" is copied to the computer, you can scan qr code to download the APP,which can implement the recording operation

LED lighting Adjustable:
Can touch in LED mobile control area, long press for the infinite light, dim, click to open and close

Take Photo:
Open my computer, and click ", "double click" "pictures into the interface; With android and support OTG phone connection and then click the pictures and videos

More details:















Description:
	The USB system and part of the smartphone software amphibious borescope has waterproof design, can be widely used in the inspection of the motor vehicle maintenance, sewer detection, security search and rescue, forensic customs, archaeological detection, industrial lines video inspection, aerospace, car shipping, oil drilling, metallurgy, boiler, railway Bridges, tunnels, buildings, municipal, etc in various fields have been widely used.
	 

Features:
	Android mobile phone have OTG software and PC have Window software.
	Micro Type-C USB 2.0 Endoscopy is a new type of electronic products.
	This product advantages: small size, light weight, . It can adjust the brightness of the six LED lights, computer can directly take connection by OTG with some phones link (support OTG), can take photos, videos, record the entire process of examination, convenient observation and analysis of follow-up.

		 


Specification:


			Camera head outer diameter: 7mm
			Total length: 1/2/3.5/5m/10m

			Waterproof level: IP66

			Resolution: 640*480, 1280*720  30ftps

			Android Phone Micro / Type-C (support OTG) / USB 2.0 windows2000/windows xp/vista/windows7/windows8

			Focaldistance: 6cm

			Net Weight: 20/37/65/78g

			  

			This product through the USB interface connected to the computer, but can be by standard OTG conversion head connected to the phone, if you use this product for the first time, please put "video installation program" is copied to the computer, you can scan QR code to download the APP, which can implement the recording operation

			LED lighting Adjustable:

			Can touch in LED mobile control area, long press for the infinite light, dim, click to open and close

			Take Photo: 

			Open my computer, and double click pictures into the interface. With android and support OTG phone connection and then click the pictures and videos.
			 



Package includeds:
	1 x 3-in-1 7mm borescope (1M/2M/3.5M/5M/10M for Optional)
	1 x Mirror
	1 x Magnet
	1 x Hook





			 




		 

































,,,,,,,,,,


