https://www.banggood.com/Bakeey-3-in-1-7mm-6Led-Type-C-Micro-USB-Borescope-Inspection-Camera-Soft-Cable-for-Android-PC-p-1193589.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=45763&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
Bakeey 3 in 1 7mm 6Led Type C Micro USB Borescope Inspection Camera Soft Cable for Android PC







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification: 
Brand: Bakeey
Lens Diameter:7.0MM
Resolution 640*480
Sensor Size:1/9 inch
Frame Rate: 30fps
View Angle:70 degreeFocal  distance: 5cm-infinate.
Waterproof level: IP67
Exposure Light Automatic
Operating Temperature 0 degree to 70 degree
5.5MM Len with 6pcs adjustable LED lights waterproof;
1/1.5/2/3.5/5M Long USB Cable ;
Power Supply 5V DC via USB
Support computer: android/XP W7 W8 VISTA W10
Photo Format: JPEG
Video Format AVI
Compatible: Waterproof Underwater camera detection, Narrow pipeline detection (sewers, drains); Machinery Inspection; Motor vehicle parts detection; Security/Criminal Detection; Archaeological Detection; Home Care; Petroleum drilling industries; Construction and much more.

Q&A
3 In 1 Smartphone inspection camera? 

An Easy- to-use Borescope - Our inspection camera has an intuitive function that is easily understood. All you need to do is plug in the USB port on your computer or your smartphone, Scan the Phone APP QR code or www.kkmoom.com/an97.apk and download “OTG SEE”, and install it; they sit back and enjoy!. 

Cable Stiffness - Our product has been designed to bendable technology that allows the rigid cable to bend and hold its shape during the inspection. It also boasts a 360-degree rotation to choose any angle of view easily. It is of vital importance to pointing and positioning camera 

3 in 1 Support for Windows, Macbook, and Android - Better compatibility than other brand borescopes, never worry about the compatible issue. 

How to operate on Macbook? 
1. Connect the borescope to Macbook 
2. Start the "QuickTime Player" on Macbook 
3. Choose "New Movie Recording" in "File" 
4. Adjust the LED light and camera lens to suit your requirements and enjoy the experience!

Package Includes: 
1 x Mini USB Borescope 
1 x Mirror 
1 x Small hook 
1 x Magnet 
1 x English Manual

More details:













