https://www.banggood.com/Wireless-Bluetooth-V4_1-3_5mm-AUX-Audio-Stereo-Music-Home-Car-Receiver-Adapter-For-iphone-X-88Plus-p-1236405.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
Wireless bluetooth V4.1 3.5mm AUX Audio Stereo Music Home Car Receiver Adapter For iphone X 8/8Plus 







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine





















Introduction:
The music receiver(hands-free) is designed to receive music from mobile phones or transmitters that feature bluetooth wireless technology. The music receiver can be used with almost any audio input jack, icluding automobiles. Listen to music from your smart phone or MP3 on your existing home or car audio system. To enjoy car musicthrough the car stereo. The product is embedded echo cancellation microphone. Using only one button, you can easily switch between music and phone.

Technical Data:
bluetooth V4.1, Class 2:33"(10m)
bluetooth hands-free
A2DP 1.3 and AVRCP 1.5 profile enable, HFP profile version 1.6 compliant, HSP profile version 1.2 compliant, AVRCP profile 1.5 compliant
Pair with 2 phone at the same time and standby together
Re-connected automatically while back to car
Once disconnected over 10 minutes will be auto power off
Work time up to 14 hours
Support voice prompt when you use it
Iphone support to show the remaining power icon of reveiver

Specifications:
Color: Black
Matrial: Plastic
Music Receiver Size: about 54x24x11mm
bluetooth Version: bluetooth V4.1
Distance: 10M
Voltage: 3.5V~4.2V

How to use?
1. To enter pairing mode, press and hold teh on/off button for 5 seconds until both red and blue LED flash.
2. Search for the music reveiver on your mobile phone or compatible transmitter. Touch and hold one button to power on and it will automatically search for a compatible transmitter; No any codes to enter if connect with Apple or Android device, LED lights beneath the button indicate device connection and charging status.
3. The devices should now recognize each other and pair. The LED on the music receive will slowly flash blue LED after successful pairing.
4. To complete pairing some devices require a paa key or code, please enter "0000".
5. Once successfully paired, the devices can be powered off. To re-connect simply power them both on, no need pair again.

Note:
If you wish to use the music reveiver with another transmitter you must restart the pairing process with the new deivece from step one.
After pairing the new transmitter, the old transmitter will no longer be pairied to the music receiver, you can have only one device connected at a time.

Package Included:
1x Music Receiver
1x USB Cable
1x User Manual in English
1x Audio Adapter

,,,,,


