https://www.banggood.com/BlitzWolf-BW-AT2-400mAh-Battery-Standby-24h-Heart-Rate-Monitor-Blood-Pressure-Oxygen-Measure-Wristband-Custom-Watch-Faces-Fun-Small-Game-Sport-Style-Smart-Watch-p-1799147.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=529070&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
BlitzWolf® BW-AT2 400mAh Battery Standby 24h Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Oxygen Measure Wristband Custom Watch Faces Fun Small Game Sport Style Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Note: No.3 watch strap color tends to gray, please kindly know.Added custom UI of the Ramadan, which can be viewed in the APP and updated to the watch (Tips: If your APP is not the latest version, please update to the latest version firstly).BlitzWolf® BW-AT2BW-AT2 is a new upgrade one. With 400mAh Big Battery, its standby time supports to 25-30 days. 3 multipurpose color options make it more fashionable and versatile. And it supports custom watch dials, you can follow your mood and customize your own watch faces. Heart rate, blood pressure, blood oxygen, steps, mileage, calories, everything you want to know, it can tell you. It also supports multiple languages, timely information reminders, so you won't miss important texts. And a fun little game YOUNG BIRD GAME has been added to AT2, you can avoid obstacles by touching the screen, which allows you to have fun anytime.More wonderful functions, Looking forward to your discovery.The 12 Main Features of BW-AT2:1. 1.3 inch Full-touch Screen + Convenient Button Operation + Sports Wear-resistant Shell2. 22mm Detachable Strap, Suitable for all 22mm Universal Watch Band3. App QR Code on the watch, Easily to download the App4. 400mAh Big Battery, Standby Time for more than 30 days5. Custom Watch Dials, Design Your Own Fashion6. 7x24h / Automatic Heart Rate Monitor7. Blood Pressure & Oxygen Monitor8. Real-time Weather Display9. Convenient Music Control10. Fun YOUNG BIRD GAME11. GPS Run Route Track12. Theater ModeSpecification Brand BlitzWolf Model BW-AT2 Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android system 4.4 version or above; iOS system 8.0 version or above Operating Mode Full Touch Screen+ Press Button APP Name Dafit App Language Danish, Ukrainian, Russian, Bulgarian, Bokmal, Norwegian, Hindi, Indonesian, Turkish, German, Italian, Czech, Japanese, Pushto, French, Polish, Thai , Swedish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Romanian, Finnish, English, Dutch, Portuguese, Spanish, Vietnamese, Arabic, Korean Watch Language English,Chinese,Japanese,German,French,Spanish,Arabic,Russian,Ukrainian,Russian,PortugueseSpecial Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Message Reminder Call ID Display Reject Call Notification  Health All Weather Heart Monitor (set in the App) Blood Pressure Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Sleep Monitor Menstrual Cycle Reminder Sedentary Reminder (set in the App) Drink Water Reminder (set in the App) Exercise and Record Multi-sport Modes Pedometer Calories Distance GPS Run Route Track (set in the APP) Training Settings Application Music Control Brightness Control Alarm(3 groups can be set to repeat) Weather Countdown Stopwatch 12 / 24 hours Time Multi-watch Faces (set in the App) Custom Watch Face Theater Mode Do not Disturb Modes Find Phone, Find Bracelet Firmware Upgrade Reset the WatchTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP68 Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.3 inch Type: IPS                 Resolution: 240*240 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 400mAh Big Battery Using time: About 7-10 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Band Material: Silicone Size: about 120+85 *22mm (support universal 22mm detachable strap) Weight and Size Product size: about 52*12mm                                                                                                                   Product Weight: ahout 55g Packing List 1* BlitzWolf BW-AT2 Smart Bracelet 1*Charging Cable 1*User ManualTips: 1.Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2.Please download the app before usage in order to compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my AT2 start? 1. The BW-AT2 needs to be connected to the charger for the first time use.2. If your BW-AT2 battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your BW-AT2 by pressing the button for a long time.- Why my AT2 doesn’t charge successfully？1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your BW-AT2.3. If your BW-AT2 still can’t be charge successfully, please contact our customer services right away. Please click the customer service.- Why is there no charging cable in my package I received?There is a charging cable in the separate box inside, please check it carefully. And if you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the watch to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the BW-AT2 is connected to your phone. 




