https://www.banggood.com/CCT4-Universal-Folding-Telescopic-Desktop-Mobile-Phone-Tablet-Holder-Stand-for-iPad-Air-for-iPhone-12-XS-11-Pro-POCO-X3-NFC-p-1811828.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287845&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
CCT4 Universal Folding Telescopic Desktop Mobile Phone Tablet Holder Stand for iPad Air for iPhone 12 XS 11 Pro POCO X3 NFC







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Features:【LIBRATE YOUR HANDS】All 3.6-12.9" Smartphones, tablets and e-readers can be placed on the desktop Phone stand firmly, compatible with iP SE 2020/11/11 Pro/11 Pro Max/X/Xs/Xs Max, Galaxy S20/S10/Note 10 etc, for iPad 9.7, Pro 10.5/9.7, Air 2/9.7, mini, and more. So,you can liberate your hands to enjoy Facetime calling with family or friend, to take a record in video conference, to snack while watching Youtube video etc.【ANGLE & HEIGHT ADJUSTABLE】The desktop phone holder stand can be adjusted from 5.1" to 6.7",easily extendable in height.Also,it allows you to customize the angle of your device flexibly to find the most comfortable viewing angle. Reduce the frequency of looking down at the phone screen to avoid hurting your back and neck.【FULLY FOLDABLE TO POCKET SIZE】Take it anywhere, this cell phone stand for desk is collapsible that can be fully folded into a pocket size. Storage little place, easy to carry it in your pocket or bag in travel or business trip. Convenient use, You can free hands to enjoy a Youtube Video or Facetime Calling anywhere at anytime with. the folding mobile phone stand holder.  【STRONG STABILITY 】Reinforced and stable bottom design，The cell phone stand is composed of an ultra-sturdy metal counterweight base and high-quality  PC+ABS poles, which is more stable to hold your mobile phone and tablet. Does not shake, operate the phone as you want, firmly secure every angle, the center of gravity is balanced, and will not fall【ANTI-SLIP DESIGN】The silicone covered pad and the rubber hook assure your phone or tablet stay firmly in place and protect them from sliding and scratching. The rubber feet under the base makes it more stable when you tap the devices.【USER-FRIENDLY DESIGN】A humanized charging port is reserved, the phone stand holder allows you play your device while charging, and the depth fits exactly with the phone and does not block the screen. You can also freely watch next episode or chat with friends while charging.Specifications: Name: Foldable Phone Stand HolderModel: CCT4Compatible Brand: UniversalCompatible Phone Model: UniversalMaterial: PC+ABS+Silicone gasketColor: White, Black, Pink, GreenAltitude Control: 13~17cm/ 5.1~6.7"Folding Angle: 0~90°Max. Load Bearing: 5kgFolded size: 11x6.5x2.5cm/4.3x2.6x1"Pack Size: 11.5x7x3cmWeight: 190gPackage Included: 1x Foldable Phone Stand HolderNote:1. Please allow 0.5-1cm differences due to manual measurement.2. Due to the light and screen difference, the item's color may be slightly different from the pictures.




