https://www.banggood.com/bluetooth-Call-BlitzWolf-BW-AT2C-400mAh-Battery-24h-Heart-Rate-Monitor-Blood-Pressure-Oxygen-Measure-Wristband-Music-Playback-Custom-Watch-Faces-Sport-Style-Smart-Watch-p-1823966.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=529067&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
[bluetooth Call] BlitzWolf® BW-AT2C 400mAh Battery 24h Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Oxygen Measure Wristband Music Playback Custom Watch Faces Sport Style Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Note: No.1 watch strap color tends to gray, please kindly know.BlitzWolf® BW-AT2C, Ignite Your Sports Passion.BW-AT2C is a new upgrade one. With 400mAh Big Battery, its standby time supports to 25-30 days. 3 multipurpose color options make it more fashionable and versatile. And it supports custom watch dials, you can follow your mood and customize your own watch faces. Heart rate, blood pressure, blood oxygen, steps, mileage, calories, everything you want to know, it can tell you. It also supports multiple languages, timely information reminders, so you won't miss important texts. And a fun little game YOUNG BIRD GAME has been added to AT2C, you can avoid obstacles by touching the screen, which allows you to have fun anytime.More wonderful functions, Looking forward to your discovery.The 13 Main Features of BW-AT2C:1. 1.3inch Full-touchScreen + Convenient Button Operation + Sports Wear-resistant Shell2. 22mm Detachable Strap, Suitable for all 22mm Universal Watch Band3. App QR Code on the watch, Easily to download the App4. 400mAh Big Battey, Standby Time for more than 30 days5. Custom Watch Dials, Design Your Own Fashion6. 7x24h / Automatic Heart Rate Monitor7. Blood Pressure & Oxygen Monitor8. Real-time Weather Display9. Convenient Music Control10. Fun YOUNG BIRD GAME11. GPS Run Route Track12. Theater Mode13. bluetooth CallSpecification Brand BlitzWolf Model BW-AT2C Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android system 4.4 version or above; iOS system 8.0 version or above Operating Mode Full Touch Screen+ Press Button APP Name Dafit App Language Danish, Ukrainian, Russian, Bulgarian, Bokmal, Norwegian, Hindi, Indonesian, Turkish, German, Italian, Czech, Japanese, Pushto, French, Polish, Thai , Swedish, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Romanian, Finnish, English, Dutch, Portuguese, Spanish, Vietnamese, Arabic, Korean Watch Language English,Chinese,Japanese,German,French,Spanish,Arabic,Russian,Ukrainian,Russian,PortugueseSpecial Features Information Reminder Bluetooth Call Call Reminder Message Reminder Call ID Display Reject Call Notification  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Sleep Monitor Menstrual Cycle Reminder Sedentary Reminder (set in the App) Drink Water Reminder (set in the App) Exercise and Record Multi-sport Modes Pedometer Calories Distance GPS Run Route Track (set in the APP) Training Settings Application Music Control Camera Control Brightness Control Alarm(3 groups can be set to repeat) Weather Countdown Stopwatch Dial Market Custom Watch Face Theater Mode Do not Disturb Modes Firmware UpgradeTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP54 (Life Waterproof) Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.3 inch Type: IPS                 Resolution: 240*240 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 400mAh Big Battery Using time: About 7-10 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Band Material: Silicone Size: about 120+85 *22mm (support universal 22mm detachable strap) Weight and Size Product size: about 52*12mm                                                                                                                   Product Weight: ahout 55g Packing List 1* BlitzWolf BW-AT2C Smart Bracelet 1*Charging Cable 1*User ManualTips: 1.Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2.Please download the app before usage in order to compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1.The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2.If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3.Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1.Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2.Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in my package I received?1.Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2.If your watch isn’t USB charging and you  don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- Why the measurement data is not accurate?The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure and other health functions are for reference only, not as a medical basis. 




