https://www.banggood.com/BlitzWolf-BW-HL4-bluetooth-Call-Local-Music-Playback-24-or-7-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-Monitor-Female-Health-Management-300mAh-Battery-Customized-Dial-Smart-Watch-p-1840918.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=529070&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
BlitzWolf® BW-HL4 bluetooth Call Local Music Playback 24/7 Heart Rate Blood Pressure Monitor Female Health Management 300mAh Battery Customized Dial Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















  BlitzWolf® BW-HL4 bluetooth call smart watch, music on your wrist. - bluetooth Call BW-HL4 make/receive calls anytime, anywhere, never miss important information.- Indepent Music PlaybackBW-HL4 supports music control and mp3 music download. The watch can play music independently or connect to a Bluetooth headset to play music. Allows you to get rid of your mobile phone during exercise and work, and you can enjoy music on the watch.- Auto 24/7 Heart Rate Blood Pressure MonitorBW-HL4 can monitor your heart rate and blood pressure situation throughout the day, it will automatically detect every 10 minutes which can set through the watch/APP. You can also set the heart rate alarm value on the APP to pay attention to your health in time.- Dial Replacement And Customized Watch FaceBW- HL4 can change the dial style according to the mood and wear, fashionable,sporty, cute, formal style etc. And you set your favorite picture as your watch face.Renew each day and show your own style. Every day is fresh!- 300mAh Lagre Battery Capacity, Don't worry about battery lifeBW- HL4 has 300mAh Big Battery, its standby time supports to 25-30 days.No longer be bothered by battery capacity, you can enjoy the convenience that the watch brings to you for a long time.Specification Brand BlitzWolf Model BW-HL4 Bluetooth Version BT 4.0 Compatible OS Android system 4.4 version or above; iOS system 8.0 version or above Operating Mode Full Touch Screen+ Press Button APP Name H Band App Language Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English, Japanese, Korean, German, Russian, Spanish, Italian, French, Vietnamese, Portuguese, Turkish, Czech, Polish, Persian Message Push Languages Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Latin, Cyrillic; Latin includes: (English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, German, Dutch, Vietnamese, Northern Europe, Central Europe, Southern Europe Italian, Southeast Asia, Africa); Cyrillic includes: (Russian, Eastern Europe, Asia), covering 150 countries Watch Language Chinese, English, German, Japanese, Russian, Italian, Spanish, PortugueseSpecial Features Information Reminder Bluetooth Call Call Reminder Call Records Message Reminder Call ID Display Reject Call Address book Notification (Support Incoming call, SMS, Wechat, QQ, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, WhatsApp, Line, Instagram, Snapchat, Skype, Gmail etc.)  Health Auto 24/7 Heart Rate Monitor (set in the App) Auto 24/7 Blood Pressure Monitor (set in the App) Heart Rate Alarm Sleep Monitor Female Health Management Sedentary Reminder Exercise and Record Multi-sport Modes Pedometer Calories Distance GPS Run Route Track (set in the APP) Training Settings Application Music Control Music Download Brightness Control Alarm Countdown Stopwatch Dial Market Custom Watch Face Brightness Control Anti-lost reminder Reset the Watch Do not Disturb ModesTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP67 Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.3 inch Type: IPS                 Resolution: 240*240 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 300mAh Big Battery Standby time: about 20-25 days Using time: About 7-10 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Band Material: Stainless Steel Size: about 87+70 *22mm (support universal 22mm detachable strap) Weight and Size Product size: about 52*12mm                                                                                                         Product Weight: ahout 64g Packing List 1* BlitzWolf BW-HL4 Smart Bracelet 1*Charging Cable 1*User ManualTips: 1.Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2.Please download the app before usage in order to compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my HL4 start? 1. The BW-HL4 needs to be connected to the charger for the first time use.2. If your BW-HL4 battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your BW-HL4 by pressing the button for a long time.- Why my HL4 doesn’t charge successfully？1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your BW-HL4.3. If your BW-HL4 still can’t be charge successfully, please contact our customer services right away. Please click the customer service.- Why is there no charging cable in my package I received?There is a charging cable in the separate box inside, please check it carefully. And if you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the watch to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the BW-HL4 is connected to your phone. 




