https://www.banggood.com/ELEGIANT-C520-BT-5_0-1_3-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-Heart-Rate-Sleep-Monitor-30-Days-Standby-IP68-Waterproof-Smart-Watch-p-1889761.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
ELEGIANT C520 BT 5.0 1.3 inch Full Touch Screen Heart Rate Sleep Monitor 30 Days Standby IP68 Waterproof Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















 
Specification Brand ELEGIANT Model C520 bluetooth Version 5.0 Compatible System  Android system 4.4 version or above; iOS system 8.0 version or above Operating Mode Full Touch ScreenSpecial Features Waterproof IP68 Waterproof Multi-Sport Mode Support  Heart Rate Monitor Support Sleep Monitor Support Physical Health Status Support  Multiple Dials Support Real-Time Weather Support  Alarm Clock Reminder Support  Incoming Call Reminder Support Technical Parameters Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.3 inch Battery Battery Capacity: 160mAh Standby Time: About 30 days Using time: About 8 days Charging Method: MagneticAppearance & Details Size Band Length:   Mix: about170mm     Max: about 240mm Package Included 1* ELEGIANT C520 Smart Bracelet  1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual Tips: 1. Display and light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1.The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2.If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3.Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1.Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2.Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.3.If your watch still can’t be charge successfully, please contact our customer services right away. Please click the customer service.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1.Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charger.2.If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch. 




