https://www.banggood.com/Zeblaze-Ares-2-1_09-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-SpO2-Monitor-300+-Watch-Faces-45-Days-Standby-3-Proof-Outdoor-Smart-Watch-p-1912954.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
Zeblaze Ares 2 1.09" Full Touch Screen Heart Rate Blood Pressure SpO2 Monitor 300+ Watch Faces 45 Days Standby 3-Proof Outdoor Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















9 Reasons to Choose Zeblaze Ares 2Small and Light Design | Trendy and Durable | Full-round HD Display | Water Resistant 50M (5 ATM) | 24H Health Tracking | 300+ Watch Faces | 14 days Battery Life | Multiple Sports Modes | Sleep Score and Analysis | Smart NotificationsSpecification Brand Zeblaze Model Ares 2 Chip Realtek 8762C Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android 4.4 or above; iOS 8.0 or above Operating Mode Full-Touch APP Name Da Fit APP Language English, Portuguese, Russian, German, Spanish, Finnish, French, Hindi, Croatian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Dutch, Pashto, Swedish, Thai, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, Polish, Arabic, Bulgarian, Czech, Danish.Special Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Message Reminder Reject Call APP Notification  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor SpO2 Monitor Sleep Monitoring Sedentary Reminder Exercise and Record Walking, Running, Swimming, Cycling, Skipping, Badminton, Basketball,  Football Pedometer Move Bar Calories Real-time Pace Real-time Distance Auto Goal (Learns your activity level and assigns a daily step goal) Application Music Control Alarm Clock Weather Stopwatch Find Phone Find Watch Do Not Disturb Mode Games Customize Watch Face Dial MarketTechnical Parameters Waterproof 5ATM Sensor Heart-rate sensor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer Screen Size: 1.09 inch Resolution: 240*240 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 260mAh Standby Time: About 45days Using time: About 14 days Charging Time: About 1.5 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details Material Band Material: Durable and comfortable TPU Watch Case Material: Plastic Size Dial SIze: About  47 x 45 x 12 mm  Wrist Circumference: 130-210 mm Net Weight: About 40g Packing List 1* Zeblaze Ares 2 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User ManualTips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.




