https://www.banggood.com/BlitzWolf-BW-AH2-1_57-inch-HD-Screen-24h-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-Monitor-Female-Health-Management-Custom-Watch-Faces-IP68-Waterproof-BT5_0-Smart-Watch-p-1914611.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287849&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
BlitzWolf® BW-AH2 1.57 inch HD Screen 24h Heart Rate Blood Pressure Monitor Female Health Management Custom Watch Faces IP68 Waterproof BT5.0 Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Note: The color in the option refers to the color of the watch case, please refer to the color in the picture.BlitzWolf® BW-AH2, focus on your fitness.BW-AH2 is a new outdoor health tracking watch. 1.57-inch display enhances the entire experience, making BW-AH2 easier to use and read. It supports 8 exercise modes, 24hour heart rate, blood pressure, female menstrual cycle, and sleep tracking to keep you healthy from head to toe. It also supports a DIY custom dial so you can customize your dial according to your mood. Support for multiple languages, timely message reminders, so you won't miss important texts. In addition, it also supports IP68 waterproof grade, 3 multi-purpose color choices, making it more stylish and versatile.More wonderful functions, Looking forward to your discovery.The Main Features of BW-AH2:1. 1.57'' TFT Screen2. Multiple Dials + DIY3. Music & Camera Control4. Female Menstrual Cycle Reminder5. Health Tracking6. 8 Kinds of Sports7. IP68 Waterproof8. Call Alert & Info SyncSpecification Brand BlitzWolf Model BW-AH2 Chip RTL8762CK Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android system 5.0 version or above; iOS system 11 version or above Memory RAM160KB + ROM64MB Operating Mode Full Touch Screen+ Press Button APP Name Fit Cloud Pro UI Languages Chinese, English, Japanese, German, Russian, Spanish, Italian, French, Portuguese, Polish, ArabicSpecial Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Message Reminder Call ID Display Reject Call APP Notification  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor Intelligent Prediction of Female Menstrual Period Sleep Monitor Sedentary Reminder Drink Water Reminder Exercise and Record Multi-Sport Modes (Walking/ Running / Cycling / Swimming / Skipping Rope / Badminton / Basketball / Football) Pedometer Calories Distance GPS Run Route Track (set in App) Application Music Control Shake to Take Pictures Alarm Clock Weather Stopwatch Flashlight Turn Wrist to Light the Screen Do not Disturb ModesTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP68 Waterproof Sensor Triaxial Sensor Screen Size: 1.57 inch Type: TFT             Resolution: 200×320 Pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 200mAh Big Battery Standby Time: About 8-10 Days Using Time: About 3-4 Days Charging Time: About 2 Hours Charging Type: Magnetic ChargingAppearance & Details  Band Material: Silicone Band Width: 20mm Weight and Size Product Size: About 45*29*9mm Upper strap length: 87mm; Lower strap length:116mm; Band Width: 19mm; Band Length: 250mm Net Weight: About 42.5g Packing List 1* BlitzWolf® BW-AH2 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User ManualTips: 1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement dataThe monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.




