https://www.banggood.com/Bakeey-Q29-360+360-Pixels-AMOLED-Display-Heart-Rate-Blood-Oxygen-Monitor-Breath-Training-Multi-Dials-5ATM-Waterproof-35-Days-Long-Standby-BT5_0-Smart-Watch-p-1918216.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
Bakeey Q29 360*360 Pixels AMOLED Display Heart Rate Blood Oxygen Monitor Breath Training Multi-Dials 5ATM Waterproof 35 Days Long Standby BT5.0 Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification Brand Bakeey Model Q29 CPU GR5515I0ND Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Compatible OS Android 4.4 or above; iOS 9.0 or above Operating Mode Full-Touch APP Name Da Fit APP Language Chinese, Traditional Chinese, English, Korean, German, Spanish, Japanese, French, Italian, Russian, Portuguese, Arabic, Ukrainian Watch Language English, Simplified Chinese, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Russian, Portuguese  Special Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Call Rejection Message Reminder Information Reminder  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Breathing Exercise Sleep Monitor Exercise and Record Multi-Sport Modes Pedometer Stopwatch Calorie Consumption Application Music Control Weather Forecast Alarm Clock Games Find the Phone Multi-DialsTechnical Parameters Waterproof 5ATM Sensor BMA421  Screen Size: 1.32 inch Type: IPS Resolution: 360x360 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 180mAh  Standby Time: About 35 days Using time: About 60 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Material Band Material: Silicone Watch Case Material: ABS+PC Weight and Size Diameter: 45mm Band Width: 22mm Case Thickness: About 9.5mm Band Length: About 250mm Weight: About 58g Packing List 1* Bakeey Q29 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual (English Version)Tips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.




