https://www.banggood.com/Bakeey-NY20-1_3-inch-Full-Touch-Screen-Heart-Rate-Monitor-Blood-Pressure-SpO2-Measurement-Multi-Sport-Modes-Massive-Dials-IP68-Waterproof-30-Days-Standby-BT5_0-Smart-Watch-p-1926839.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=510658&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
Bakeey NY20 1.3 inch Full-Touch Screen Heart Rate Monitor Blood Pressure SpO2 Measurement Multi-Sport Modes Massive Dials IP68 Waterproof 30 Days Standby BT5.0 Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification Brand Bakeey  Model NY20 Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Chip RTL8762DK Compatible OS Android 5.0 or above, iOS 10.0 or above Memory 256KB+192KB (Flash 64M) Operating Mode Full-Touch Screen APP Name Fitcloudpro Push Languages Chinese, English, German, French, Italian, Spain, Japanese, Polish, Russian, Portuguese, Vietnam、Korean, Arabic, Hebrew, Thai, Croatian, Turkish, Czech, Dutch, Malaysian, Finnish, Greek, RomanianSpecial Features Information Reminder   Call Reminder Call Rejection Message Reminder Information Reminder  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Oxygen Measurement Blood Pressure Measurement Sedentary Reminder Sleep Monitor Task Reminder Exercise and Record Multiple Sports Modes (Walking, Running, Mountaineering, Cycling, Basketball, Swim, Badminton, Football, Elliptical machine, Yoga, Pingpong, Jump rope, Tennis, Baseball,  Football, Golf, Long jump, Sit-ups, Volleyball) Pedometer Distance Calorie Consumption Application Alarm Clock Synchronous Data to APK/APP Massive Dials Time Stopwatch Weather DisplayTechnical Parameters Waterproof IP68 Sensor Heart Rate Sensor, G-Sensor Screen Size: 1.3 inch Type: IPS Pixel: 360*360px Battery Battery Capacity: 200mAh Standby Time: About 30 days Working Time: 5-7 days Charging Time: About 2 hours Charging Type: Magnetic ChargingAppearance & Details  Material Band Material: Silicone/ Steel Mesh Watch Case Material: ABS Weight and Size Watch Size: About 44.6*44.6*9.5mm Net Weight: About 38.6g Packing List 1* Bakeey NY20 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User Manual (English Version)Tips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.




