https://www.banggood.com/LEMFO-T92-BT5_0-TWS-Wireless-Earbuds-Wristband-1_28-inch-IPS-Full-Touch-Screen-Siri-Wake-up-Heart-Rate-Blood-Pressure-Oxygen-Monitor-Local-Music-Playback-Multi-Sport-Modes-Smart-Watch-p-1931086.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
LEMFO T92 BT5.0 TWS Wireless Earbuds Wristband 1.28 inch IPS Full Touch Screen Siri Wake-up Heart Rate Blood Pressure Oxygen Monitor Local Music Playback Multi Sport Modes Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specification Brand LEMFO Model T92 CPU Model RTL8762BFC Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Flash Memory 64M Operating Mode Full-Touch APP Name V Band APP Languages Chinese, Traditional, English, Japanese, French, German, Russian, Korean, Greek, Italian, Portuguese, Arabic, Spanish, Persian, Thai, Turkish, Vietnamese Watch Language Chinese, Traditional, English, Spanish, Portuguese, Japanese, French, German, Russian, Polish, Persian, Thai, Malay, Turkish, Italian, Arabic, Vietnamese Push Language Chinese, Traditional, English, Spanish, Portuguese, Japanese, French, German, Russian, Polish, Persian, Thai, Malay, Turkish, Italian, Arabic, VietnameseSpecial Features Information Reminder BT Calling Call Reminder Message Reminder Reject Call APP Notification Address Book Synchronization  Health Heart Rate Monitor Blood Oxygen Monitor Blood Pressure Monitor Sleep Monitoring Body Temperature Monitor Sedentary Reminder Drink Water Reminder Exercise and Record Multi-Sports Modes Exercise Data Pedometer Calories Consumption Exercise Mileage Application Local Music Playback Camera Control Weather Alarm Clock Multiple Dial AI Voice Siri Wake-up Do not Disturb Mode Find PhoneTechnical Parameters Waterproof Life Waterproof Sensor G-sensor, Heart Rate Sensor Screen Size: 1.28 inch Type: IPS Resolution: 240*240 pixels Battery Battery Capacity: 380 mAh  Standby time: About 75 days Using time: About 7 days Charging Type: Magnetic chargingAppearance & Details  Material Band Material: Silica gel Watch Case Material: Alloy Packing List 1* LEMFO T92 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* User ManualTips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis. 




