https://www.banggood.com/IN-STOCK-Zeblaze-Stratos-2-360+360px-Always-On-AMOLED-Display-4-Satellite-3-Modes-GPS-Heart-Rate-SpO2-Monitor-100+-Watch-Faces-5ATM-Waterproof-Smart-Watch-p-1940595.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryPhonesPop
[IN STOCK] Zeblaze Stratos 2 360*360px Always-On AMOLED Display 4 Satellite 3 Modes GPS Heart Rate SpO2 Monitor 100+ Watch Faces 5ATM Waterproof Smart Watch







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















.﻿To thank you for your support of Zeblaze Stratos 2, we have prepared the original accessory pack for you. Simply click the Unbeatable Package option above, add the watch and accessories to your shopping cart, then purchase the watch with a market value of $19.98 accessory set for $9.99. If you already bought the watch separately but want to take advantage of this offer, you can also click here to purchase the accessory pack separately. We've done a Flash Deal for you for just $10.99, now or never!Featuring a bright AMOLED display, the Zeblaze Stratos 2 GPS smartwatch combines daily style with health monitoring and fitness features that inspire you to keep moving. More features to explore！Main Features:- 1.3 inch 360*360px 326 PPI touch screen- Always-on AMOLED display- Accurate built-in GPS- 24H health management- 100+ watch faces (APP sync)- Customize watch face- 25 days battery Life- 5ATM waterproofSpecification Brand Zeblaze Model Stratos 2 Bluetooth Version BT 5.0 Operating Mode Full-Touch Compatible OS Android 4.4 or above; iOS 8.0 or above APP Name InfoWear UI Language English, Portuguese, Russian, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Turkish, Polish, Japanese. (Language availability may vary by region. More languages will be made available through OTA) APP Language English, Portuguese, Russian, German, Spanish, French, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Polish, Greek, Thai, Romanian, Bulgarian, Hungarian, Turkish, Czech, Slovak, Danish , Norwegian, Swedish, Filipino, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, Dutch, Croatian, Arabic, Indonesian. Push Language English, Portuguese, Russian, German, Spanish, French, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Polish, Greek, Thai, Romanian, Bulgarian, Hungarian, Turkish, Czech, Slovak, Danish , Norwegian, Swedish, Filipino, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, Dutch, Croatian, Arabic, Indonesian.Special Features Information Reminder Call Reminder Reject the Call Message Reminder APP Notifications  Health 24H Heart Rate Monitor Daily Resting Heart Rate Abnormal Heart Rate Alerts Blood Oxygen Monitor Sleep Score and Insights Sedentary Reminder Exercise and Record Multi-sport Modes (Outdoor running, Treadmill, Outdoor cycling, Indoor cycling, Outdoor walking, Freestyle, Ping pong, Basketball, Football, Badminton, Cricket, Trail run, Climbing machine, Zumba, Elliptical machine, Pilates, Tennis, Yoga.) Step Count Calories Distance Activity Record Auto Goal (Learns your activity level and assigns a daily step goal) Application Camera Control Music Control Weather Display Calendar GPS Time Sync Automatic Daylight Saving Time Alarm Clock Stopwatch Countdown Find Phone Find Watch Do not Disturb ModeTechnical Parameters Waterproof 5ATM Sensor GPS: 12 nm High-end GPS Chip          Integrated GPS, GLONASS, GALILEO, BEIDOU.          Assisted GPS for fast fix times.Health & Movement: Wrist Heart Rate Monitor, Pulse Ox Blood Oxygen Saturation Monitor, Proximity sensor, Accelerometer. Screen Size: 1.3 inch Type: AMOLEAD Resolution: 360*360 pixels, 326 PPI Battery Battery Capacity: 300 mAh  Battery Saver Modes: About 25 days Typical Usage Scenario: About 15 days Heavy Usage Scenario: About 10 days GPS Continuous Usage Scenario: About 40 hours Charging Time: 1.5 hours Charging Type: Magnetic  ChargingAppearance & Details Material Case Material: Alloy+ Stainless Steel+Polycarbonate Band Material: Silicone Size Dial Size: About 46*46*12.9 mm Strap Width: About 22 mm Strap Length: About 130-235 mm Weight: About 52g (with wristband) Packing List 1* Zeblaze Stratos 2 Smart Bracelet 1* Charging Cable 1* Card Stock 1* User ManualTips:    1. Light of shoot will affect the color of the products, pictures for reference only, subject to our available products.2. Please download the app before usage in order to be compatible perfectly with your phone.Q&A- Why doesn’t my watch start? 1. The watch needs to be connected to the charger for the first use.2. If your watch battery runs out, you need to charge it for a while before trying to activate your watch.3. Try to activate your watch by pressing the area below the screen for a long time.- Why my watch doesn’t charge successfully?1. Please make sure your charger is 5V/1A. If the current is too high, the watch would into the automatic protection of the state.2. Please confirm that the charging cable is well attached to the charging position on the back cover of your watch.- Why is there no charging cable in the package I received?1. Please check the user manual and product details page to confirm whether the product is charged by USB. If so, please unplug the watchband, then you would find the charging jack.2. If your watch isn’t USB charging and you don’t receive the charging cable, please contact our customer services right away. - How to change the date and time?Please scan the QR code in the manual to download the APP. Then the time and date will be automatically synced when the watch is connected to the phone.- Can I wear it for swimming?It is not recommended that you wear it to swim, because it is not a professional swimming watch.- About the measurement data.The monitoring data of heart rate, blood oxygen, blood pressure, and other health functions are for reference only, not on a medical basis.




