https://www.banggood.com/Universal-TPU-Winter-Car-Snow-Chain-Tyre-Wheel-Anti-skid-Safety-Belt-Safe-Driving-For-Ice-Sand-Muddy-Offroad-p-1341478.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
Universal TPU Winter Car Snow Chain Tyre Wheel Anti-skid Safety Belt Safe Driving For Ice Sand Muddy Offroad







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Winter Truck Car Tyre Wheel Safety Snow Chain Tire Anti - skid Belt Black

	 

Specification :

Condition : 100% Brand new

Model number : 822256

Product name : tyre snow chain

Material : TPU + steel

Color : black 

Length : 36cm/14.17in

Width : 11cm/4.33in

Speed limit : 40km/h

Applicable models: most of the car tires 

Applicable scope: ice , snow , mud and sand road

	 

Features : 

1.Bear to wear at low temperature,Vehicle running without vibration.

2.The curved hollow design can effectively eliminate the snow and strengthen the anti-skid effect. 

3.The fixing buckle made of zinc alloy is designed to ensure that the front and side of the tires will not be worn down. 

4.With the minimum braking distance and the maximum traction sliding.

5.To ensure a comfortable drive to reduce vibration and noise.

6.Universal model, it can be applied to all the models of the tire width 165mm-285mm.

	 

Note :

1.Ban on the emergency brake, turn.

2.Please allow 0.5-1 inch difference due to manual measurement.(1inch=2.54cm).

3.The color of the actual items may slightly different from the listing images due to different computer screen, thanks for your understanding.

4.There is no instruction included.Professional Install is Highly Recommended!If you would like to know how to install,please contact us by email.

	 

Package included :

1 x Tyre Snow Chain
























