https://www.banggood.com/M-or-L-or-XL-DOT-Motorcycle-German-Style-Half-Face-Helmet-Motocross-Scooter-Glossy-Black-p-1531209.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=3146&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
M/L/XL DOT Motorcycle German Style Half Face Helmet Motocross Scooter Glossy Black







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specification:

Product Name: Motorcycle Helmet

Color: Glossy Black

Material: High quality ABS, high density EPS, flannelette

Style: Half Helmets

Appearance: Portable type

Features: UV protective finished

Safety Standard Certification: DOT

Size (head circumference ): M/L/XL

	 

Fits Head Circumference:

M: 22-7/16" to 22-13/16" (57-58cm)

L: 23-1/4" to 23-5/8" (59-60cm)

XL: 24" to 24-3/8" (61-62cm)

(Before purchasing, please confirm the size of the wearer's head circumference.)

	 

Features:

DOT approved for US safety standard.

High quality lightweight ABS shell.

High-density EPS buffer layer that protects against impact.

Adjustable D-ring and chin strap holds the helmet securely on your head.

Washable anti-microbial technical fabric Inner comfort padding.

Retro and classic German style motorcycle half helmet - never go out of style.

Suitable for daily motorcycle riding, cycling, skateboarding, etc.

	 

How to Measure: 
	SIZE GUIDE

To ensure proper sizing, please do the following:

Take a head measurement with a cloth tape measure. Wrap tape measure around your head one inch or 25mm or 2.5cm above your eyebrows,directly above your ears and to the widest area at the back of your head.
	The widest measurement will give you your helmet size. If you don't have a tape measure,
	you can use a piece of string and measure using a ruler.

	 

Package Included:

1 X Helmet (Please choose the size)

























