https://www.banggood.com/Car-Qi-Wireless-Charger-Pad-With-Anti-Skid-Rubber-Base-p-1586369.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
Car Qi Wireless Charger Pad With Anti Skid Rubber Base







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Specifications:

Name: car qi wireless charger pad

Color: black

Material: silicone

Standard: international qi wireless charging standard

USB port: micro USB

Input: 5V 2A 9V 1.67A

Power: 5W/7.5W/10W

Wireless distance: ≤8mm

Charging efficiency: ≥75%

Size: 158*75*6mm / 6.2*3.0*0.2inch

Suitable for: qi devices

	 

Features:

1. Made of high quality silicone rubber, it is wear resistant, durable and non-slip.

2. The fast charging technology, more efficienct and makes less heat when charging.

3. Separate design, the induction coil is separated from the PBC motherboard to reduce heat generation and fast charging.

4. Can be a stand keeping your phone upright on car dashboard for easy viewing and hands-free navigation.

5. Equipped with anti-skid rubber base, it will not fall from the dashboard even if the car is driving in the uphill, downhill, and even bumpy road.

6. It is not only used in your car, but also can be used in your office or your room.

7. The pad can be pruned, meet your different needs.



Package included:

1 X car qi wireless charger pad

1 X user manual

1 X box
		 


Note:

-The color of the item may vary slightly due to photography and different PC monitor.

-The size might be slightly errored due to manual measurement. Your kindly understanding would be appreciated





