https://www.banggood.com/Electric-Unisex-Heating-Hooded-Coats-Winter-Warm-Heated-Jacket-Detachable-Cap-M-5XL-p-1598421.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=23641976&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
Electric Unisex Heating Hooded Coats Winter Warm Heated Jacket Detachable Cap M-5XL







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Description:

Portable Battery dose not included

	 

Note:

This clothes belongs to slim style,

please judge the appropriate size according to the size chart before buying.If you like more loose,

please increase one or two size to buy, please know it before your buying.

	 

Specification:

Name: Electric Heating Coat

Colth Material: Polyester

Heating Material: Graphene

Color: Black/Blue/Grey

Size: M/L/XL/2XL/3XL/4XL/5XL

Voltage: 5V

Gear: 3-gear (25℃, 35℃, 45℃)

Heating Area: 2 Pockets, Back

	 

Features:

One button heating, three temperature control.

Great for riding, skiing, rock climbing, and golf.

Improves microcirculation and eliminates inflammation.

Charge lasts for 4-6 hours.

3 heated areas/zones with 3 temperature levels.

The detachable hat is designed to be worn as you like.

	 

Washing Instructions:

1.Take out removable charger.

2.Neutral detergent is available and then hand wash.

3.Do not force knead or beat.

4.After nature air drying can be use.

	 

Warm Tips:

1.If not used for a long time,please do not plug in removable charger

2.Do not use high temperature water or strong acid detergent.

3.Forbidden to use electricity for wet clothes,Please turn off the power and stop using if cloth is wet.

4.Use time depending on the capacity of removable charge.

	 

Note:

Please allow 1-2CM differs due to manual measurement.

Due to the different display and different light, the picture may not reflect the actual color of the item.

	 

Package Included:

1 X Heating Coat























