https://www.banggood.com/45-65C-Electric-Heated-Waistcoat-Vest-Winter-USB-Sleeveless-Heating-Jacket-Black-p-1599692.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287624&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
45-65°C Electric Heated Waistcoat Vest Winter USB Sleeveless Heating Jacket Black







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















	Description:


		This is a intelligence waistcoat for you.

		With mobile power storge pocket, easy travel.

		1 minutes fast heat, dispel cold and keep you warm.

		General USB interface power supply, longer service life and washable.

		Set the temperature you want to respond to a variety of environments.

		A button to  heating, three stall temperature control, intelligent heating.

		It can be washed by machine and can be washed by hand. Do not wring it by hand.

		The fashion is warm, comfortable and breathable, and it's a good partner for your winter going out.


	 

	Specification:

	Color: Black

	Material: Polar Fleece Fabric

	Size:S/M/L/XL/2XL/3XL

	Power Supply Interface: USB

	Power Supply: 5V/2A Mobile Power(Not Included)

	Function: Keep warm and Prevent cold

	Age Of Application: Adults Men

	 

	Temperature Shift(℃±5℃ (Red Light)

	Middle Temperature:55℃±5℃ (White Light)

	Low Temperature:45℃±5℃ (Blue Light)

	 

	How To Use:

	1.Take out USB plug

	2.Plug in removable charger

	3.Switch on the removable charger

	4.Press the chest temperature control switch for two second

	5.Red light flashing,means heating automatic

	6.After red light flashes for 5 minutes,then automatic turn to white light,means medium temperature

	7.Manual adjustment has three level,red light means hign-temperature heating continuously.

	White light means medium heating continuously,blue light means low heating continuously

	8.Press the chest temperature control switch for two second,lights out and stop heating

	 

	Washing Instruction:

	1.Take out removable charger.

	2.Neutral detergent is available and then hand wash.

	3.Do not force knead or beat.

	4.After nature air drying can be use.

	 

	Warm Tip:

	1.If not used for a long time,please do not plug in removable charger

	2.Do not use high temperature water or strong acid detergent.

	3.Forbidden to use electricity for wet clothes,Please turn off the power and stop using if cloth is wet.

	4.Use time depending on the capacity of removable charge.

	 

	Note:
	1. USB Interface charging(Power bank is NOT included)

	2. Manual measuring, please allow 1 ~ 3 cm error,thank you.



		Package Included:

		1 X Sleeveless Wasicoat(Mobile Power Not Included)























