https://www.banggood.com/AUDEW-12V-150PSI-Triangle-Tire-Inflator-Air-Compressor-with-10-ft-Power-Cord-LED-Light-LCD-Digital-Display-p-1616692.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
AUDEW 12V 150PSI Triangle Tire Inflator Air Compressor with 10 ft Power Cord LED Light LCD Digital Display







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Features:1. Upgraded Fast Inflating- Audew tire inflator uses high-rate motor instead of a normal one to greatly increase the speed of inflation, deliver air at an impressive rate of 38 L/min, much more powerful and fast than the traditional pump!2. Upgraded LED Light - The LED Light has been Enhanced and Widened, so its light beam will be wider than lots of other tire inflators, and it will be also more convenient to operate and inflate in the dark environment.3. Plus With SOS Light- Audew digital tire inflator is equipped with 2 modes of lights: a flashlight for using at night and SOS light for warning caution to ensure your safety.4. Independent Switch - We have added an independent LED & SOS SWITCH to make it be an energy-saving air compressor, it will be more convenient to use and it can help you save energy.5. Easy to use - Just set the PSI you want, then turn it on, it will inflate the tires to the target PSI and shut off automatically.6. Clear LCD Screen - The LCD Screen becomes more clearly after we finished upgrading, it can also show you the accurate real time pressure.7. Unique Design - Our tire pump has pretty nice appearance, the Most important is, it owns Powerful Inflation Speed and Useful Feature, it will help you deal with the flat tire problems perfectly.8. Automatically Shut Off- Simply set your desired pressure with Audew air compressor and turn the switch on, it will automatically shut off when the proper tire pressure is reached to avoid over-inflation. No need to monitor the tire pressure all the time!9. Portable & Compact- With 10 ft long power cord, Audew tire pump allows you to reach all tires of your car, bike, motorcycle. Also equipped with 3 nozzle adapters for mattresses, airboat, toys, sports balls, other inflatables. No longer have to look for gas station and you can fill tires whenever you need! The power cord and air hose can be easily put into the tailor-made groove without the mess. Specification:BrandAUDEWProduct NameAUDEW Upgraded Portable Air CompressorStart-up Power120WOperating Power90WOperating VoltageDC12VOperating Current14AMaximum Pressure150PSIFlow38L / minPower Cord Length3 meters( 10ft )Continuous Working Time15 minWide Range of Application:Can be used for family car、sports car、business car、kayak、bicycle Operation Step:1.Start the car engine.2.Insert power lighter plug into the car’s power lighter socket.3.Connect the appropriate air horse nozzle with tire valve4.Switch the unit you want with the button ”R” and set your desired pressure with the button ”+”/”-”.5.Turn the switch on and wait.6.The air pump will shut off automatically once reaching desired pressure.*If the tire inflator stops inflating in using process,turn off the switch and unplug the power cable,then repeat step 2 though 4 to restart the pump. Note:1. Limited to use within DC 12V power supply, can not be used in 24V, 36V, 110V and 220V household appliances unless with a transformer.2. To ensure that the air compressor pump works well, it's better to cool it down for 3 minutes after continuous working for 15 minutes. Package included:1 X AUDEW Air Inflator3 X Extra Nozzles1 X Additional fuse1 X Storage Case1 X Manual





