https://www.banggood.com/12V-150PSI-Dual-Cylinder-Car-Tire-Inflator-Portable-Auto-Air-Compressor-Pump-Smart-Preset-Inflation-with-LED-Light-p-1771224.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=557775&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
12V 150PSI Dual Cylinder Car Tire Inflator Portable Auto Air Compressor Pump Smart Preset Inflation with LED Light







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Feature:1.【High Quality】: The inflatable pump shell metal material, fast heat dissipation, metal high temperature and high pressure resistance, cold resistance2.【Sturdy Afficiency】: This pump uses a high-quality direct drive motor to drive the sturdy metal double cylinder, so it is a low rotating speed and high efficiency pump, powerful power can meet 12V car tires.3.【Smart Preset Inflation】: With overheat protection, simply preset air compressor to your target PSI and it will auto shut-off when reaches to avoid over-inflation, this makes it possible for you to use it safely and lasting more time. Its powerful 180W automobile tire pump produces 150 PSI max tire pressure and an impressive 70L/min air flow.4.【Bright LED Light】: Equipped with 5 pcs bright and long-lasting LED lights, allow easy operation or making quick repairs in the dark and ensure you are seen in an emergency to avoid any potential dangers.5.【Application】: Its 10ft long power cord allows to reach all tires of your car, bike, motor, compact or midsize SUV. And the package included three nozzle accessories allow you inflate sports and camping equipment, like basketballs, inflatables, air mattresses, airboat, airbed, aircushion, PVC boats, etc. Use outdoors or indoors. Specification:Product Name Vehicle Inflatable PumpType Pointer Display/Digital DisplayMaterial ABS + MatelUsage Tire InflationPower 180WCurrent 5AVoltage DC 12VFlow rate 70L/minMax. Pressure 150PSIPower Supply Type Cigarettes Lighter/Car Battery ClipApplication Scope Minivan/SUV/Car/Motorcycle/BicyclePower Cord Length 3mExtension Tube Length 3mInflatable Tube Length 2mSize 25.3*20.5*10cm/10.0x8.1x3.9inWeight 3.3kg Note:1. This machine is only suitable for general car tires, not for large and heavy vehicles, such as trucks, trucks, container trucks, etc.2. The product only can be used on DC 12V power source, it can't be used on AC 110V, AC 220V, DC 24V, DC 36V.3. Start the engine before plugging the power cord into the cigarettes lighter socket. Package Included:1 X Car Tire Inflator1 X 3m Extension Tube3 X Adapters1 X Battery Clip1 X User Manual1 X Storage Bag 




