https://www.banggood.com/Portable-12V-Auto-Battery-Charger-Maintainer-For-Car-Motorcycle-Outdoor-p-1804787.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
Portable 12V Auto Battery Charger Maintainer For Car Motorcycle Outdoor







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Feature:1. Safe and Reliable Operation: Battery charger with several safe protections to ensure safe using, it has over voltage protection, over temperature protection, overcharge protection, short circuit protection, reverse connection protection, overcurrent protection, and low current protection.2. Intelligent Digital Display: Clear LCD screen real-time display temperature, current, voltage,battery capacity and summer mode, winter mode, etc.3. Pulse repair function can help to repair your loss battery and extend battery life. Note: It can not activate a dead battery or repair a battery which is damaged seriously; it also can not repair a battery back to 100% new.4. Humanization Charging Mode: With summer and winter mode, this fully automatic battery charger is able to detect the temperature and switch to the appropriate charging voltage automatically.5. Low Noise & Heat Dissipation: Silent designed cooling fan,which greatly prolonged the life of the charger. Specification:Plug Type US Color BlackProduct Model 12VOutput Current 6.0A±0.5AApplied to 4AH-100AHInput Voltage 100-220V,50/60HzOutput Voltage 12VNet Weight About 450gSize Approx.152x80x60mm Note:1.This charger is for 12V battery which is from 4AH to 100AH. Please check your battery before buying.2.Can not be used to charge the lithium battery. Package Included:1 X Battery Charger 




