https://www.banggood.com/HCalory-5-8KW-12V-Parking-Diesel-Air-Heater-LCD-Thermostat-for-Car-Truck-SUV-Bus-RV-Boats-p-1808995.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=522057&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
HCalory 5-8KW 12V Parking Diesel Air Heater LCD Thermostat for Car Truck SUV Bus RV Boats







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Note:#A: 5-8kw single hole gold LCD#B: 5-8kw single hole blue liquid crystal#C: 5-8kw single hole trapezoidal liquid crystal#D: 5-8kw new LCD horizontal#E: 5-8kw single hole dual LCDSpecifications:Material: Metal+PlasticColor: Red+BlackSize: 42x41x15.5cmVoltage: 12VPower: 5-8KW Fuel: DieselComplete combustion rate: 100%Fuel consumption: 0.1 liters per hour oilWorking Temperature of the Heater: -40℃~+50℃ Working Temperature of the Oil pump: -40℃~+40℃  Features:- Get rid of damage to car causing by the sudden drop of temperature.- Low noise: noise reduction processing with minimal noise.- Easy installation: the compact design is good for using in a variety of narrow spaces.- Two working modes: air condition mode & heater mode.- Low fuel and power consumption for longer periods of operation.- Smooth, automatic room temperature control with temperature pre-set facility.- With continuous monitoring and diagnostic system.- Fuel supplied from the vehicle's own tank.- Applicable to: various diesel mechanical vehicles such as cars, buses, RVs, trucks, engineering vehicles, etc.Operation:1. Query machine status (keep short press of the "OK" key to switch one state at a time and display it in a loop)Time display →ambient temperature display → setting temperature display (automatic temperature stabilizing) / setting oil mass display (manual temperature stabilizing) → supply voltage display →altitude display - historical fault code display - press the "OK" key to check2. Fuel filling description manuallyUnder the OFF state, press the down-regulate and setting key simultaneously to conduct fuel filling manually, which displays HOF, after releasing, press again and it displays HON, the oil pump starts to work. You can hear the sound of the oil pump and the oil pump icon lights up. Press down to display HOF, exit fuel refill, the oil pump icon disappears. The process of line air evacuation shall be done under watch, when the oil re-aches the position of the oil inlet of the machine, it can be stopped. If there is too much oil enters the machine, there will be black smoke when igniting.3. Description of temperature control mode switchingPress the up-regulation and "OK" key simultaneously to conduct temperature control mode switch. Manual temperature control (adjustment oil mass shows P-16, number represents the oil mass), automatic temperature control (adjustment temperature shows 25℃, number represents the temperature). The difference between the two ways of temperature control is that: in automatic mode, pump oil can re-ach the maximum upon parameter setting, when the machine heat is high, the manual pumping is limited to the current set value, which will not re-ach the maximum oil value set by the parameter. Plus, the gears are clearly shown, parts and components are equipped, very convenient for the old hands.4. Description of Match Code by remote controlUnder the OFF state, press Power and OK keys simultaneously in remote controller first, then remote control appears waiting for matching text, thence, keep long press of down adjustment keys of LCD panel. It shows HFR - enter the remote code match interface, upon success, automatically exit the interface, then, it shows normal working parameter. If the code match failed, it would not enter the normal state of displaying working parameters. The code match state will be automatically exited when it did not receive remote control code timeoutPackage includes:1xSet of Heater（choose your type）




