https://www.banggood.com/SAWAKE-Universal-Car-Headrest-Tablet-Mount-360-Rotating-Adjustable-Auto-Seat-Back-Phone-Holder-Stand-for-Car-Backseat-for-iPad-or-Tablet-or-Smartphone-5-14-inch-Devices-p-1822347.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287830&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
SAWAKE Universal Car Headrest Tablet Mount 360° Rotating Adjustable Auto Seat Back Phone Holder Stand for Car Backseat for iPad/ Tablet/ Smartphone 5-14 inch Devices







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:【Broad Compatibility】: This car headrest mount works with tablets, cell phones and other devices ranging from 5in to 14in, thus covering a broad spectrum of mobile devices sold in the market today. With the spring loaded method, the holder will grip the device tightly, doesn't budge easily. Intentional holes allow the device could still be charged while being clipped on the car headrest mount.【360-Degree Rotation, High Maneuverability】: With a fully customized ball joint and arms that provide 360-degree rotation. You can use your tablet in either portrait or landscape modes. And you can also choose the height, distance and viewing angle that is most comfortable for everyone.【Secure & Stable】: The car head rest mount has a stabilizing arm to effectively support larger screen devices, making it a convenient way to hold most 14in tablets. The speed bumps won't affect the screen. You can adjust the tightness freely with an Allen wrench(included).【Rubber Protection】: The tablet headrest mount comes with soft padding to protect your device and car headrest. The post should be 5.1 in to 6.3 in apart measured from the inside of each post.  【Worry-Free Warranty】: We offer a 45-day warranty with the product. Within the warranty period, if the car headrest mount is broken, we will offer you a refund or a new replacement. If you have any problem, please feel free to contact us at any time. We will strive to issue your problem as soon as possible.Specification:Material: abs+pc+AluminumColor: blackCompatible with: 5-14 inch devicesPacking List: 1* Car seat rear pillow telescopic phone holder




