https://www.banggood.com/Car-Sun-Shade-Protector-Parasol-Auto-Front-Window-Sunshade-Covers-Accessories-p-1831683.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=6287620&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
Car Sun Shade Protector Parasol Auto Front Window Sunshade Covers Accessories







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Feature:【Durable Material】Made of is made of high-hardness steel, this car sunshade umbrella is heat insulation, UV block and reliable to use for long service.【Firm Skeletons Structures】10 Strong skeletons and the stable support ensure the durability of this car sunshade umbrella.【Protect Yourself and Car】Automotive windshield sunshade can effectively protect you from sunlight and provide you with a cool driving environment, keep the seats and dashboard from cracking due to sun exposure.【Convenient to Use】Auto sunshade umbrella is foldable, very easy to open and close. It’s super space-saving and time-saving for daily use.【Suitable for All Seasons】No matter it is spring rain, summer sun, autumn leaves, or winter snow, the Automotive windshield sunshade can be used in all seasons with its great weather-resistance, like anti snow/fog/UV/heat. Specification:Color Black with silver coatingMaterial Titanium silver glue + ClothStorage Size About 30x7cm / 11.8x2.8"The Large One Open Size 145x79cm / 57.1x31.1"The Small One Open Size 125x65cm / 49.2x25.6" Fitment:- Suitable for Sedan/SUV/Hatchback Multi-Purpose Vehicles (Please according to the actual situation choose the size) Note:1. We provide clear pictures, measurements where possible. Please check as much as possible to make sure the item is the one that you need.2. Please allow 0.5-1 inch difference due to manual measurement. (1inch=2.54cm)3. There Are No Instructions Included In This Kit. Professional Installation Is Highly Recommended!4. The color of the actual items may slightly different from the listing images due to different computer screen, thanks for your understanding Package Included:1 X Car Windshield Umbrella1 X Storage Bag  




