https://www.banggood.com/ELUTO-Car-Seats-Cover-Auto-Front-PU-Leather-Universal-Cushions-Deluxe-Interior-p-1895103.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=6287836&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
ELUTO Car Seats Cover Auto Front PU Leather Universal Cushions Deluxe Interior







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Features:1.Comfortable and durable: PU seat pads are made of leather with a litchi pattern that is dirt-repellent, wear-resistant and durable. The inner layer is made of highly elastic, environmentally friendly flame retardant sponge. It is air-permeable and can effectively prevent dents, is safe and comfortable2.All inclusive design & bag: The bottom of the seat cover is to protect the sides. The backrest is made of non-slip plastic drip cloth that better fits the seat. If the seat has slightly damaged part or the cavity part, the same applies to car seat covers. You can put cards, keys, storage bag3.Large backrest design: Car seat cover is airbag compatible, full coverage. At the same time, set up a headrest and use an exquisite diamond-shaped cut line. The seat cover has the best thickness and a three-dimensional effect that protect the seat better4.Easy installation: Just buckle up the buckle and elastic strap, and lower the hook to  the seat cover. ELUTO seat covers can effectively prevent wear and scratches and keep the car clean5.Versatility: Leather car seat covers size: 157.2 * 53 cm, suitable for all season. They are suitable for cars, SUVs, trucks, RVs. If you have any questions, ask us directly.Specification:Color: black / beige / grayMaterial: PU leather + sponge + non-slip base clothFiller: spongeItem weight: 0.65 kgPackage Dimensions: 32.2 x 28.8 x 11.8 cm; 1.1 kilogramsManufacturer: ELUTOASIN: B08S3HQKB9Manufacturer reference: ELUTOuyfid56Package Includes:1xCar seat covers1xUpper buckle  2xRound chuck1xElastic band 1Fixed hookMore Details: 




