https://www.banggood.com/C-260-LCD-Screen-4-Sensors-Car-Tire-Pressure-Solar-Real-time-Monitoring-System-p-1939138.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
C-260 LCD Screen 4 Sensors Car Tire Pressure Solar Real-time Monitoring System







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:More than 40 percent of the traffic accidents on the highway are caused by abnormal tire pressure. To reduce such accidents, the installation of tire pressure monitoring system (TPMS) is necessary. With the TPMS, we can keep the tire working within the specified pressure and temperature ranges at any time to reduce the damage of the tire for driving safety. Besides, the higher or lower tire pressure can cause tire wear. The installation of TPMS could reduce tire wear, prevent tire explosion, save fuel, and keep your car in good care, rather helpful. Just get this ZEEPIN product home and try out. Feature:1.Real-time monitor:ZEEPIN TPMS can provide the pressure and temperature statuses of 4 tires in real time. When the data are abnormal, the driver will get the voice alarm and flashing warning icon. 2.Power supply:It features the solar panel with high conversion rate and USB charging port, supporting solar charging and USB cable charging, no need to worry about the power shortage. 3.Vibration Power On:It will sense the vibration and turn on when you open the car door 4.Smart sleep mode(Auto Power OFF):After successful installation, it will sense the vibration and turn on automatically when you open the car door. And it will turn off automatically after parking for 3 minutes, rather energy-saving. 5.Different placements:You can directly place it on the car dashboard or stick it on your car windshield for there are 2 strong adhesive tapes on its backside. Sticking it on the front windshield is more in line with the visual habit. You can know the situations of tires without turning your head. 6. 4 external sensors:Adopted the advanced chips, these 4 sensors are with high sensitivity and good accuracy for measuring pressure and temperature, no misleading readings. Besides, with the IP67 waterproof grade, they are suitable for all weathers. 7.Wide application:This system is widely suitable for vehicles with 4 tires and the maximum pressure of the tire is below 8 bar, such as the commercial car, for jeep, off-road vehicle, minibus, and sedan car, etc. Specification:- Extra SensorsBattery built-in CR1632 button cellWorking voltage 2.0 - 3.6VWorking environment -40 - 125 Deg.CWorking pressure 0 - 99 psiPressure accuracy plus or minus 1.5 psiWaterproof grade IP67Transmission frequency 433.92MHz- TPMSBattery type 280mAh Li-ion batteryWorking voltage 5VWorking environment -40 - 85 Deg.CTransmission frequency 433.92MHzPressure unit psi / barTemperature unit Deg.C / Deg.F Product Size:Product weight 0.0690 kgPackage weight 0.1980 kgPackage Size(L x W x H) 15.50 x 12.00 x 6.00 cm / 6.1 x 4.72 x 2.36 inches Package Included:1 X TPMS4 X External Sensor4 X Mounting Nut1 X Wrench1 X Tool of Battery Replacement1 X English User Manual




