https://www.banggood.com/KROAK-150PSI-110W-5M-Cig-Cable-DC-12V-Inflatable-Pump-Compressor-Digital-LED-Tire-Inflator-For-Car-Bike-Motorcycle-Ball-Toy-p-1940084.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
KROAK 150PSI 110W 5M Cig Cable DC 12V Inflatable Pump Compressor Digital LED Tire Inflator For Car Bike Motorcycle Ball Toy







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Features:﻿1. The digital display has five operation buttons, and the digital reading is more accurate.2. Metal cylinder, fast heat dissipation and long service life.3. The air supply is fast and the noise is low during work.4. Comes with LED lights, more convenient to use at night.5. Preset tire pressure, automatic charging and stopping.Specification:Brand KROAK ModleTP04FitmentCar Bike Motorcycle Ball ToyMaterial Metal &PlasticVoltage DC13.7VPower 110W Display Digital displayCurrent﻿8AMotor ModelPermanent magnet motorCylinder Diameter28mmColor Green & BlackPower Supply5m car cig lighter cable with 15A fuseAir Pump Flow 26L/minInflating Noise(At One Meter)Less than 80 decibelsUnit DisplayKPA PSI BAR KG/CMMaximum Set Pressure150PSIRelevant certificationCE/ROHS/FCCDescription:28-cylinder metal air pump, it only takes 3 minutes and 30 seconds to quickly inflate the tires.It is suitable for SUVs, off-road vehicles and other models.It can also be used at night with its own lights. It is a must for outdoor off-road.1. Fast inflation and automatic closing:The Nilight air pump inflates tires to standard pressure in minutes and automatically shuts off when a preset value is reached.No more worrying about over-inflation. Suitable for pneumatic tires for automobiles, MPVs, bicycles, cars,and medium-sized off-road vehicles. It can also inflate balls, balloons, inflatable kayaks, air mattresses, etc.2. Portable and compact:Smaller but stronger than other air pumps on the market. Portable and compact design makes it easy to lift and carry.The 16.4-foot (about 5 meters) power cord has a built-in fuse and is long enough to reach the rear tire.Keep this air compressor in your car and use it anytime.3. Easy to use:Start the car ignition, connect the car plug to the 12V DC power outlet,set the desired value, and wait for the LCD display to stop flashing.Flip the switch to the ON position, when the preset value is reached, the air compressor will automatically stop. A great solution for emergencies.4. Digital Display & LED Lighting:4 pressure measurement units - PSI, KPA, BAR, KG/CM2.The tire pressure will be displayed on the screen of the air pump for better control of the pressure when inflating the tire for safety.In addition, this air pump is also equipped with LED lighting function,which can meet the inflation needs in low-light environments.5. Multiple uses:Inflate and deflate, and also measure tire pressure.Comes with replacement fuses and 3 types of nozzles,not only for cars, but also for motorcycles, bicycles, ATVs, jeeps, sports balls, air mattresses and inflatable adapters.16.4 feet (about 5 meters) long power cord is enough to connect all your tiresPackage Included:1 X Air Compressor Pump With 5M Cable2 X Replacement Fuse1 X Air Hose1 X Ball Needle1 X Toy Nozzle1 X French gas nozzle1 X Storage Box1 X User Manual




