https://www.banggood.com/Motorcycle-Spot-Light-Bar-Set-With-Two-Turn-Signals-For-Harley-Custom-p-984996.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryAutomobilesPop
Motorcycle Spot Lightt Bar Set With Two Turn Signals For Harley Custom







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Motorcycle Spot Light Bar Set With Two Turn Signals For Harley Custom

Description:
To fit most Harley tourings or any custom applications.
The light bar is pre-drilled to allow for internal wiring of lights
Steel light bar with Round Chrome Metal spot light & turn signals
Black finished with reflective interior driving light
Driving Lights : 4" clear lens, 4 3/4" wide, 4 3/4" tall from base to top. 2 1/2" long from lens to point.
Turn Signal Lights : Mini bullet style, 2" wide, 2-1/2" tall from base to top, 2-7/8" long from lens to point. Color is amber.

Specification:
Color: Black
Size: show in the picture
Material: High Quality Steel / ABS Plastic
Category: Passing Fog Mini Headlights
Bulb Type: Incandescent

Note:
This light bar is not custom made for any bikes. Therefore some minor modification may be needed
Please check bracket measurement to ensure if it will fit your bike
No instruction included, Professional installation recommended
Not DOT approved. For off road or show use only
Laws concerning this product vary from state/province to state/province
Your state/province may prohibit its use on public roads or restrict its use to novelty, show use, offroad areas, or race facility areas only. In some states/provinces off-road uses are also prohibited.
The manufacturer and retailer assume no responsibility for any use or application of this product in violation of any applicable law
Before installing this product, please check your state/provincial and local/municipal laws and regulations
 
Package Included:
2 X Passing Spot Light
2 X Turn Signals
1 X Bracket


























