1451768
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/C6/59/fcd8738d-93f7-469a-b07e-946610267f5c.png
Minicute WP-0322G Waist Pad Cushion Pad Posture Back Support Ergonomic Low Pressure Lumbar Back Support for Car Seat Home Office Chairs
https://www.banggood.com/Minicute-WP-0322G-Waist-Pad-Cushion-Pad-Posture-Back-Support-Ergonomic-Low-Pressure-Lumbar-Back-Support-for-Car-Seat-Home-Office-Chairs-p-1451768.html?cur_warehouse=USA&ID=223&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Features:


◆ Lung leaf shape, double back leaf embracing design

◆ New environmentally friendly ABS plastic glue

◆166 two-way ventilation vents

◆3D mesh back cushion cover

◆10cm adjustable height

◆ Suitable for seat, chair, sofa

◆ Ergonomic expert team design


	 

1. BEST ERGONOMIC LUMBAR SUPPORT: Orthopedics and neurology experts recommended product. This Ergonomic Low Pressure Lumbar Back Support is the perfect addition to every office chair, especially if you sit for long hours every day. It helps to CORRECT your posture at the lower back and it helps to RELIEVE back discomfort. No more slouching! Make sitting at your desk chair comfortable again!

2. GET RELIEF FROM BACK PAIN: Contoured lumbar support will allow you to sit more comfortably while giving your back the support that it needs. Designed to provide effective support for the lower back and to fit the natural curves of the back, it will help you sit with the correct posture, especially near the lower part of the spine.

3. FOUR YEARS OF DEVELOPMENT: This 'Ergonomic Low Pressure Lumbar Back Support for All Types of Office Chairs' was manufactured based on the years of study by CAMS into sedentary-based back problems. It is based on that research that our posture back support was manufactured. This product has been granted five worldwide patents for its technical design and unique contoured shape which helps to relieve pain and pressure on the back and spine.

4. COMFORT ENHANCING AIR CIRCULATION: Complete ventilation design, keeping your back cool and comfortable. Allowing air circulation while you are sitting at your office chair allows you to be more productive in your work and prevents you from sweating and discomfort.

5. The two 'wings' can be height adjusted so the back support can be properly setup for every size of man and woman. 

		 


Specification:

	 

Color: White, Black, Grey, Green

Dimensions: 440*100*400 mm

Brand: Minicute 

Model: WP-0322G

Suitable for: Cushion Pad for All Car Seat/Home/Office Chair with Backrest 

	 

Package included:

	 

1 * Cushion Pad with Box (not include other things in the pictures)













