1549825
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/ser1/banggood/images/35/86/5a092f35-18a8-4fd9-985e-242dfe624eca.jpg
Viomi Stainless Steel Kitchen Basin Sink Faucet Tap 360° Rotation Hot Cold Mixer Tap Single Handle Deck Mount Aerater
https://www.banggood.com/Viomi-Stainless-Steel-Kitchen-Basin-Sink-Faucet-Tap-360-Rotation-Hot-Cold-Mixer-Tap-Single-Handle-Deck-Mount-Aerater-p-1549825.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine

















Description:

It is made of 304 stainless steel ,lead free, safe and more healthy. Both inside and outside are made of 304 stainless steel for food contact, which does not contain lead and meet the national standard, keeping the water pure and protecting the health of all household water. With advanced pressurized aerater, water-saving and easy to use. The advanced pressurized aerater produces smooth water flow, not splashing and comfortable. 
 
Specification:
Brand: Viomi
Type: Kitchen Faucet
Water Feature: Hot & Cold
Color: Silver
Main Body Material: 304 Stainless Steel
Rotatable Spout: Yes
Sensor Activation: No
Number of Handles: Single Handle
Faucet Fit: 1 Hole
Connection Size: G1/2
Applicable Pressure: 0.05-0.75MPa
Applicable Water Temperature: 4℃-90℃
Installation Type: Deck Mount
Screw Thread Size: F22
Platform Installation Hole Diameter: 35mm
Hose Length: 600mm
 
Features:
1. Simple elbow design, suitable for the kitchen. 
The simple elbow design is perfect for any styles of the kitchen.

2. Made of 304 stainless steel, lead-free, safe and more healthy. 
Both inside and outside are made of 304 stainless steel for food contact, which does not contain lead and meet the national standard, keeping the water pure and protecting the health of all household water.

3.Cold and hot dual control design, switching freely. 
Double water inlet makes it possible to be connected to cold and hot water, which can be switched freely. You don’t need to worry about washing the dishes in winter.

4. Thicken steel, less corrosive and explosive. 
The main body of the faucet is made of thick steel, explosion-proof and rust-proof, weighing more than 1500g, with sufficient material and durable.

5. Precision casting, smooth and clean inner wall. 
The inside of the faucet body is also made of lead-free stainless steel, which is forged by a precision casting process. The inner wall is smooth and seamless, avoiding the problems caused by foundry casting.

6. Strong sealing spool valve, wear-resistant and leak-proof.
The more sealing spool valve, is wear-resistant, corrosion-resistant, long service life, safe and reliable, anti-drip and leak-proof.

7.Advanced pressurized aerater, water-saving and easy to use. 
The advanced pressurized aerater produces smooth water flow, not splashing and comfortable.

8. Exquisite making process, easy to keep it clean.
It is made of fine stainless steel making on the surface instead of electroplating, which is easier to clean. It is anti-corrosive, anti-shedding since the detergent, steel wool can clean it up.

9. No wrench required and easy to install. 
Pass the braided hose through the hole in the platform. Screw the body. Tighten the nut while tightening.
 
Instructions:
1. Screw the two hoses into the inside of the faucet body in the direction of the arrow;
2. Tighten the fastening sleeve in the direction of the arrow;
3. Adjust the direction of the faucet, and tighten the fixing nut by hand, and then use a screwdriver to reinforce it.
 
Package Included:
1 x Viomi Mixer Tap
 
More Details:
















