1614812
https://imgaz1.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/ser1/banggood/images/D9/88/a48ca478-d3c7-449e-9e17-78b0a4aabbc0.jpg
Heavy Duty Zinc Alloy Magnetic Door Stopper Hidden Floor Mount Door Catch Free Punching Door Holder w/ 3M Sticker 
https://www.banggood.com/Heavy-Duty-Zinc-Alloy-Magnetic-Door-Stopper-Hidden-Floor-Mount-Door-Catch-Free-Punching-Door-Holder-w-3M-Sticker-p-1614812.html?cur_warehouse=CN&ID=240&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Description:
Use the super magnetic door catch door holder, with integrated soft catch door technology, strong magnetic force, with the grip, firm and stable, prevent door impact, providing better protection for walls and doors, Smooth and easy to use with little noise. No more disturbing from slamming doors.
 
Specification:
Material: Zinc Alloy
Color: Silver, Red Bronze, Yellow Bronze, Bronze, Black
Applicable Door: 5.5-15mm Interval
Thickness: 4.5mm
 
Feature:
1. Superb Magnetic Door Stop Design - The metal "finger" in the floor plate is a perfect design, The magnet that mounts to the door is actually at a slight angle. As the magnet moves over the floor plate, the hinged finger jumps up and the magnet grabs it firmly. The slight angle increases the amount of force needed to slide the magnet off the finger.
2. Keep the Door Open-Any inadvertent closing will make you feel distressed. Use the super magnetic door catch door holder, with integrated soft catch door technology, strong magnetic force, with the grip, firm and stable, prevent door impact, providing better protection for walls and doors, Smooth and easy to use with little noise. No more disturbing from slamming doors.
3. Hidden Doorstop- Diameter 5.6cm, with concealed screws design, hidden door stopper offers an elegance of your door. neat and beautiful, Easy for you to clean your floor, without keeping dust. Wedge doorstops move around, springs protrude and look ugly. Both can be trip hazards, especially for kids, seniors or pets. The door stop installs flush to the ground so it is not unsightly and you can't trip over it!
4. Solid & Durable-the heavy duty door stopper is made of zinc alloy, solid, sturdy / rust-proof. With million times of impact testing. This floor door stop will offer longer lengths of useful life compare to other door stops. Perfect for doors of living room, bedroom, toilet, bathroom, office, hotel and so on.
 
Package Included:
1 x Door Stopper
 
More Details:


























