1677260
https://imgaz.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/C3/C5/2b1e5eac-df9b-4b6c-b1b3-547f5a527445.png
Stainless Steel Bathroom Basin Faucet Single Cold Single Handle Sink Tap With Hoses Lead Free
https://www.banggood.com/Stainless-Steel-Bathroom-Basin-Faucet-Single-Cold-Single-Handle-Sink-Tap-With-Hoses-Lead-Free-p-1677260.html?cur_warehouse=CN&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















Specification:Material: Stainless steelNumber of Handles: SingleFaucet Mount: Single holeValve Core: Ceramic Valve CoreInstallation Method: Deck-mounted  Hot and Cold Water: Single ColdInstallation Hole Diameter: Dia. 25mm-28mm Height: 132mm Features:1. Ambilight & beautiful surface with three-layer electroplating finishAmbilight & beautiful surface with three-layer electroplating finish2. Selected raw material-high quality and bacteria and corrosion-resistant brass3. Refined and durable ceramic cartridge for water leakage-proof4. Ergonomic lever for better usage experience. Current limiting technology and dual shift operation for efficient water conservation5. Single Handle Bathroom Sink Faucet:Single handle single hole design integrate to control water temperature and flow volume easily Package Included:1 x Basin Faucet With Hoses  Advantages of stainless steel faucet:(1) The stainless steel material does not contain Pb, and it is one of the safe materials for human body.(2) The body of the stainless steel faucet is produced by a precision casting process. The internal and external surfaces of the product are smooth and delicate, and there is no hidden danger to health and safety.(3) All bodies are corrosion-resistant and do not require electroplating.(4) All production processes are environmentally friendly and there is no environmental impact.(5) As long as new, there is no abrasion or shedding of the plating layer.Valve Core:(1) The use of precision ceramic valve core, high hardness, high quality ceramic valve core, comfortable and light feel, smooth and labor-saving operation, durable and no water leakage.(2) No maintenance, no wear and aging resistance.(3) Suitable for hard water and warm water, not affected by crushed stones or sand.Product inspection: Strict inspection system, 100% water test before leaving the factory to ensure that the faucet does not leak. The surface has been wiped clean. It is normal for the faucet to contain water and residual water.Precautions for installation:(1) Before installing the faucet, the dirty water, residue, sand, and impurities remaining in the water pipe should be washed away before installing the faucet to avoid clogging.(2) The faucet and hot and cold water pipes must be installed correctly. Facing the faucet, the left side is connected with hot water and the right side is connected with cold water.(3) Check the installation dimensions, do not force installation to avoid damage to product parts.(4) The surface is regularly scrubbed and decontaminated with a cleaning agent to keep the surface clean. Do not use any abrasive cleaning agents, hard cloths, paper towels or steel balls, and any acidic, rough cleaning agents or soaps Wipe the surface of the faucet. More Details:





