1865075
https://imgaz3.staticbg.com/thumb/large/oaupload/banggood/images/D4/A3/e1546508-ef7b-46fe-80c4-87a9ebd16845.jpg
Garden Chairs with Cream White Cushions 8 pcs Solid Teak Wood
https://www.banggood.com/Garden-Chairs-with-Cream-White-Cushions-8-pcs-Solid-Teak-Wood-p-1865075.html?cur_warehouse=USA&rmmds=CategoryHomeGardenPop







Compatibility
To confirm that this part fits your vehicle, please enter your vehicle's details below.





Year:


Select








Make:


Select








Model:


Select








Submodel:


Select








Trim:


Select








Engine:


Select








Clear All




This part is compatible with 0 vehicle(s).
Show all compatible vehicles




  This part is compatible with 1 vehicle(s) matching 
 This part is not compatible with



Recent searches











Year
Make
Model
Submodel
Trim
Engine
















This wooden garden chair set consists of 8 pieces and is meant to be a great addition to your garden, terrace or patio. You can relax and chat with family and friends or enjoy the weather. Constructed from extremely durable teak hard wood, this piece of teak furniture has been seasoned, kiln dried and then fine sanded to give a very smooth appearance. Teak wood is known for its exceptional strength and weather resistance, making it far more suitable for garden furniture than any other kind of wood. Teak wood is the perfect choice if you want to purchase a long lasting piece of garden furniture. The sanded surface is easy to clean with a damp cloth. These outdoor chairs are also lightweight, making them completely flexible and easy to move around. The wooden chairs can be folded to save space when not in use. Additionally, the thickly padded seat cushions also provide extra seating comfort. Note: In order to extend the life of your outdoor furniture, we recommend you to clean it regularly and do not leave it outdoors without protection unnecessarily.Clean: Use a mild soap solutionStoring: If possible, store in a cool, dry place indoors. If the product is stored outdoors, protect it with a waterproof cover. Wipe and dry the excess water or snow from flat surfaces after a rain or snowfall. Allow sufficient air circulation to avoid moisture-related damage.Cushion color: Cream whiteMaterial: Fine sanded teak hard wood with waterbase finishCushion material: 100% polyesterDimensions: 21.7" x 23.6" x 35" (W x D x H)Seat width: 19.7"Seat depth: 15.7"Seat height from the ground: 17.7"Armrest height from the ground: 26"Cushion dimensions: 15.7" x 15.7" x 2.8" (L x W x T)With armrestsFoldable for easy storageDelivery contains:8 x Garden chair8 x Seat cushion





